closetCleaner sets Report:
=====================


val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Pastoralist's Mantle
val: Anwig Salade
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Astolfo
val: Ankusa Gaiters +1
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Infused Earring
val: Ankusa Gloves +1
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Angel's Ring
val: Nukumi Quijotes +1
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Nukumi Cabasset
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Emicho Coronet
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Emicho Gambieras
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Infused Earring
val: Nukumi Manoplas +1
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Angel's Ring
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Emicho Coronet
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Emicho Gambieras
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Infused Earring
val: Nukumi Manoplas +1
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Angel's Ring
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Charmer's Merlin
val: Desultor Tassets
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Valorous Mail
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Eschan Stone
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Valorous Mask
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Demonry Core
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Phorcys Dirs
val: Demonry Core
val: Rajas Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Emicho Haubert
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Emicho Coronet
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Wanion Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Savas Jawshan
val: Amm Greaves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Assuage Earring
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Nukumi Gausape
val: Amm Greaves
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Helm
val: Twilight Mail
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Miki. Breastplate
val: Patricius Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Amm Greaves
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Nukumi Quijotes +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Demonry Core
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Nukumi Quijotes +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Nukumi Quijotes +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Demonry Core
val: Astolfo
val: Nukumi Quijotes +1
val: Anwig Salade
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Defending Ring
val: Pastoralist's Mantle
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Infused Earring
val: Ankusa Gloves +1
val: Ankusa Gaiters +1
val: Angel's Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Infused Earring
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Emicho Coronet
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Infused Earring
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Angel's Ring
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Demonry Core
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Infused Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Nukumi Quijotes +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Twilight Torque
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Defending Ring
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Demonry Core
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Nukumi Quijotes +1
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Infused Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Twilight Torque
val: Demonry Core
val: Iuitl Tights
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Deliverance
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Emicho Coronet
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Skullrender
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Skullrender
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Skullrender
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Valorous Mask
val: Deliverance
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Rajas Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Skullrender
val: Laic Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Dirs
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Hose
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Skullrender
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Skullrender
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Skullrender
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Skullrender
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Skullrender
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Emicho Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Deliverance
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Emicho Coronet
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Apaisante
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Apaisante
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Apaisante
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Valorous Mask
val: Deliverance
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Rajas Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Apaisante
val: Laic Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Dirs
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Hose
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Apaisante
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Apaisante
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Apaisante
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Apaisante
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Apaisante
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Emicho Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Deliverance
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Emicho Coronet
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Valorous Mask
val: Deliverance
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Rajas Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Laic Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Dirs
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Hose
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Emicho Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Deliverance
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Emicho Coronet
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Odium
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Odium
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Odium
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Valorous Mask
val: Deliverance
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Rajas Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Odium
val: Laic Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Dirs
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Hose
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Odium
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Odium
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Odium
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Odium
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Odium
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Emicho Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Demonry Core
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Pole Grip
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Emicho Coronet
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Ark Scythe
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Ark Scythe
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Ark Scythe
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Valorous Mask
val: Pole Grip
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Rajas Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Ark Scythe
val: Laic Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Dirs
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Hose
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Ark Scythe
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Ark Scythe
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Ark Scythe
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Ark Scythe
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Ark Scythe
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Emicho Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Valorous Mask
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Valorous Mask
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Nukumi Gausape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Skullrender
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Emicho Coronet
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Arktoi
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Arktoi
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Arktoi
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Skullrender
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Valorous Mask
val: Skullrender
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Rajas Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Arktoi
val: Laic Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Dirs
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Hose
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Arktoi
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Arktoi
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Arktoi
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skullrender
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Arktoi
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Arktoi
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Emicho Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Skullrender
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Emicho Coronet
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Apaisante
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Apaisante
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Apaisante
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Skullrender
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Valorous Mask
val: Skullrender
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Rajas Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Apaisante
val: Laic Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Dirs
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Hose
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Apaisante
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Apaisante
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Apaisante
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skullrender
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Apaisante
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Apaisante
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Emicho Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Skullrender
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Emicho Coronet
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Skullrender
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Valorous Mask
val: Skullrender
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Rajas Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Laic Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Dirs
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Hose
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skullrender
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Emicho Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Skullrender
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Emicho Coronet
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Odium
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Odium
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Odium
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Skullrender
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Valorous Mask
val: Skullrender
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Rajas Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Odium
val: Laic Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Dirs
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Hose
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Odium
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Odium
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Odium
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skullrender
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Demonry Core
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Odium
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Skullrender
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Demonry Core
val: Epona's Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Hurch'lan Sash
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Odium
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Emicho Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Hose
val: Demonry Core
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Amm Greaves
val: Assuage Earring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Savas Jawshan
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Nukumi Gausape
val: Iuitl Tights
val: Ankusa Jackcoat
val: Fotia Belt
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Valor. Hose
val: Valorous Mask
val: Fotia Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Fotia Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Valor. Hose
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Tamer's Earring
val: Ankusa Trousers +1
val: Tot. Jackcoat +1
val: Ankusa Gloves +1
val: Ankusa Helm
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Laic Mantle
val: Ankusa Trousers +1
val: Ankusa Gaiters +1
val: Ankusa Gloves +1
val: 
val: Skullrender
val: Ankusa Jackcoat
val: Ankusa Helm
val: Ankusa Gloves +1
val: 
val: Skullrender
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Nukumi Ocreae
val: Pratik Earring
val: Stout Bonnet
val: Ankusa Trousers +1
val: Pet Food Theta
val: Tot. Jackcoat +1
val: Perception Ring
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Diamond Ring
val: Pastoralist's Mantle
val: Ankusa Gaiters +1
val: Tot. Jackcoat +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Ferine Necklace
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Emicho Hose
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Laic Mantle
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Demonry Core
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Artio's Mantle
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Magoraga Beads
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Loquacious Earring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Impatiens
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Impatiens
val: Magoraga Beads
val: Loquacious Earring
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Chaac Belt
val: Fotia Belt
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Thunder Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Thunder Gorget
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Thunder Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Thunder Gorget
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Manibozho Jerkin
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Thunder Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Thunder Gorget
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Apate Ring
val: Manibozho Jerkin
val: Herculean Vest
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Spiral Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Manibozho Jerkin
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Spiral Ring
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Manibozho Jerkin
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Apate Ring
val: Light Belt
val: Uk'uxkaj Cap
val: Light Gorget
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Otronif Harness
val: Otronif Boots
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Light Belt
val: Uk'uxkaj Cap
val: Light Gorget
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Manibozho Jerkin
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Apate Ring
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Manibozho Jerkin
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Thunder Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Thunder Gorget
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hecate's Earring
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Stoicheion Medal
val: Toro Cape
val: Demon's Ring
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Thunder Belt
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Herculean Boots
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Manibozho Jerkin
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Thunder Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Thunder Gorget
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Light Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Light Gorget
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Light Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Light Gorget
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Manibozho Jerkin
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Manibozho Jerkin
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Mel. Gaiters +2
val: Anchorite's Gloves +1
val: Mel. Cyclas +2
val: Anchorite's Crown
val: Tpl. Gaiters +1
val: Rumination Sash
val: Mel. Crown +2
val: Faith Torque
val: Herculean Vest
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Tjukurrpa Annulet
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Laic Mantle
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Thur. Boots +1
val: Mel. Hose +2
val: Tantra Gaiters +2
val: Mel. Gaiters +2
val: Anchorite's Cyclas
val: Laic Mantle
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chaac Belt
val: Uk'uxkaj Cap
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Angel's Ring
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Laic Mantle
val: Herculean Boots
val: Manibozho Jerkin
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Chaac Belt
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Black Belt
val: Ocelomeh Headpiece +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Sheltered Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wiglen Gorget
val: Hesychast's Cyclas
val: Herculean Boots
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Paguroidea Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Loquacious Earring
val: Otronif Harness +1
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Thaumas Gloves
val: Black Belt
val: Qaaxo Tights
val: Otronif Boots +1
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Epona's Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Anchoret's Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Eschan Stone
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Potestas Bomblet
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Cho'j Band
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Black Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Liminus Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Terminus Earring
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Black Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Tantra Crown +2
val: Mel. Hose +2
val: Ginsen
val: Rajas Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Otronif Boots
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Laic Mantle
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Black Belt
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hasty Pinion
val: Epona's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Black Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Black Belt
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Herald's Gaiters
val: Anchorite's Gaiters +1
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Twilight Torque
val: Demonry Stone
val: Herculean Vest
val: Defending Ring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Herculean Boots
val: Assuage Earring
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Otronif Harness
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Mel. Gaiters +2
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Olseni Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Olseni Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Anchoret's Mantle
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Mel. Gaiters +2
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Mel. Gaiters +2
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Anchoret's Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Otronif Harness
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Anchoret's Mantle
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Mel. Crown +2
val: Mel. Hose +2
val: Mel. Cyclas +2
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Anchoret's Mantle
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Assuage Earring
val: Hesychast's Gloves +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Mel. Gaiters +2
val: Black Belt
val: Uk'uxkaj Cap
val: Twilight Torque
val: Otronif Harness
val: Patricius Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Thur. Boots +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Defending Ring
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Black Belt
val: Black Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Wiglen Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Defending Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Black Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Wiglen Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Defending Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Wiglen Gorget
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Black Belt
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Black Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Olseni Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Epona's Ring
val: Anchoret's Mantle
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Eshus
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Black Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Terminus Earring
val: Liminus Earring
val: Eshus
val: Herculean Boots
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Herculean Boots
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Black Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Black Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Herculean Boots
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Herculean Vest
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Black Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Black Belt
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hasty Pinion
val: Epona's Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Eshus
val: Herculean Boots
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Black Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Tantra Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Eshus
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Black Belt
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Eshus
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Tantra Crown +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Ginsen
val: Rajas Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Eshus
val: Otronif Boots
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Mel. Hose +2
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Epona's Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Vest
val: Eshus
val: Anchoret's Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Potestas Bomblet
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Eshus
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Eshus
val: Herculean Boots
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Black Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Vest
val: Eshus
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Black Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Faith Torque
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Kemas Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Eshus
val: Herculean Boots
val: Tantra Gloves +2
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Portus Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Black Belt
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Black Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Terminus Earring
val: Liminus Earring
val: Eshus
val: Herculean Boots
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Eminent Staff
val: Herculean Boots
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Epona's Ring
val: Anchoret's Mantle
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Eshus
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Felistris Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Black Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Anchorite's Gaiters +1
val: Hesychast's Hose +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hesychast's Gloves +1
val: Otronif Harness +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Segomo's Mantle
val: Qaaxo Harness
val: Rajas Ring
val: Segomo's Mantle
val: Epona's Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hesychast's Gloves +1
val: Windbuffet Belt
val: Hesychast's Hose +1
val: Anchorite's Gaiters +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Demonry Stone
val: Defending Ring
val: Assuage Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Vest
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Ocelomeh Headpiece +1
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Siegel Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Geo. Sandals +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Bagua Mitaines +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Renaye Ring
val: Dunna
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Eschan Stone
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Niobid Strap
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Geomancy Galero
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Azimuth Coat
val: Eschan Stone
val: Nantosuelta's Cape
val: INT+20
val: Mag. Acc+20 /Mag. Dmg.+20
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+10
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Crematio Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Perception Ring
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Strendu Ring
val: Thrace Strap
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Buremte Hat
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Ghastly Tathlum +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Eschan Stone
val: Nantosuelta's Cape
val: INT+20
val: Mag. Acc+20 /Mag. Dmg.+20
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+10
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Crematio Earring
val: Otomi Gloves
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Umbani Boots
val: Amalric Gages
val: Niobid Strap
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Eschan Stone
val: Nantosuelta's Cape
val: INT+20
val: Mag. Acc+20 /Mag. Dmg.+20
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+10
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Crematio Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Luminary Sash
val: Digni. Earring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Dunna
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Nantosuelta's Cape
val: INT+20
val: Mag. Acc+20 /Mag. Dmg.+20
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+10
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Niobid Strap
val: Perception Ring
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Niobid Strap
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Nantosuelta's Cape
val: INT+20
val: Mag. Acc+20 /Mag. Dmg.+20
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+10
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Crematio Earring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Imbodla Necklace
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Diamond Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Thrace Strap
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Crematio Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Nantosuelta's Cape
val: INT+20
val: Mag. Acc+20 /Mag. Dmg.+20
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+10
val: Perception Ring
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Niobid Strap
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Crematio Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Nantosuelta's Cape
val: INT+20
val: Mag. Acc+20 /Mag. Dmg.+20
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+10
val: Perception Ring
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Befouled Crown
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Befouled Crown
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Grapevine Cape
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Perimede Cape
val: Azimuth Hood +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Dunna
val: Nantosuelta's Cape
val: HP+60
val: Eva.+20 /Mag. Eva.+20
val: Pet: "Regen"+10
val: Solstice
val: Bagua Tunic +1
val: Geo. Mitaines +1
val: Bagua Pants +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Azimuth Gaiters
val: Bagua Tunic +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Azimuth Hood +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Geo. Mitaines +1
val: Dunna
val: Lifestream Cape
val: Genmei Shield
val: Pratik Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Genmei Shield
val: Vanya Hood
val: Tethyan Trews +3
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Tamaxchi
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Rumination Sash
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Digni. Earring
val: Bagua Galero
val: Azimuth Tights
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Geomancy Tunic
val: Perimede Cape
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Niobid Strap
val: Excelsis Ring
val: Dunna
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Rumination Sash
val: Dunna
val: Shango Robe
val: Befouled Crown
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Bagua Sandals +1
val: Niobid Strap
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Azimuth Gloves
val: Lifestream Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Rumination Sash
val: Dunna
val: Geomancy Tunic
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Azimuth Tights
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Niobid Strap
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Perimede Cape
val: Diamond Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Digni. Earring
val: Bagua Galero
val: Azimuth Tights
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Geomancy Tunic
val: Perimede Cape
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Niobid Strap
val: Excelsis Ring
val: Dunna
val: Genmei Shield
val: Vanya Hood
val: Tethyan Trews +3
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Tamaxchi
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Rumination Sash
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Dunna
val: Digni. Earring
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Dunna
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Dunna
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Patricius Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Dunna
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Dunna
val: Digni. Earring
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Patricius Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Dunna
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Patricius Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Dunna
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Dunna
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Yaoyotl Gloves
val: Defending Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Hagondes Coat
val: Defending Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Hagondes Hat
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Geo. Mitaines +1
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Siegel Sash
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Dunna
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Bagua Mitaines +1
val: Siegel Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Twilight Torque
val: Dunna
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Geo. Sandals +1
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Bagua Mitaines +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Befouled Crown
val: Siegel Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Twilight Torque
val: Dunna
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Geo. Sandals +1
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Bagua Mitaines +1
val: Mecisto. Mantle
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Amalric Doublet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Azimuth Hood +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Dunna
val: Nantosuelta's Cape
val: HP+60
val: Eva.+20 /Mag. Eva.+20
val: Pet: "Regen"+10
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Solstice
val: Bagua Sandals +1
val: Geo. Mitaines +1
val: Siegel Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Siegel Sash
val: Nantosuelta's Cape
val: HP+60
val: Eva.+20 /Mag. Eva.+20
val: Pet: "Regen"+10
val: Azimuth Hood +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Dunna
val: Amalric Doublet
val: Genmei Shield
val: Bagua Sandals +1
val: Solstice
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Geo. Mitaines +1
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Geo. Sandals +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Twilight Torque
val: Siegel Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Twilight Torque
val: Dunna
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Geo. Sandals +1
val: Bagua Pants +1
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Bagua Mitaines +1
val: Nantosuelta's Cape
val: HP+60
val: Eva.+20 /Mag. Eva.+20
val: Pet: "Regen"+10
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Geo. Sandals +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Dunna
val: Olseni Belt
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Olseni Belt
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Grioavolr
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Dunna
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Grioavolr
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Rajas Ring
val: Dunna
val: Olseni Belt
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Grioavolr
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Dunna
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Grioavolr
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Dunna
val: Dunna
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Olseni Belt
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Digni. Earring
val: Dunna
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Niobid Strap
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Grioavolr
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Grioavolr
val: Eschan Stone
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Dunna
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Niobid Strap
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Grioavolr
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Grioavolr
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Dunna
val: Apate Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Grioavolr
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Dunna
val: Olseni Belt
val: Olseni Belt
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Olseni Belt
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Solstice
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Dunna
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Solstice
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Rajas Ring
val: Dunna
val: Olseni Belt
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Solstice
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Dunna
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Solstice
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Dunna
val: Dunna
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Olseni Belt
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Digni. Earring
val: Dunna
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Solstice
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Solstice
val: Eschan Stone
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Dunna
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Solstice
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Solstice
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Dunna
val: Apate Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Solstice
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Dunna
val: Apate Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Hagondes Hat
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Yaoyotl Gloves
val: Hagondes Coat
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Geomancy Tunic
val: Nantosuelta's Cape
val: HP+60
val: Eva.+20 /Mag. Eva.+20
val: Pet: "Regen"+10
val: Bagua Tunic +1
val: Bagua Mitaines +1
val: Azimuth Hood +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Dunna
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Crematio Earring
val: Eddy Necklace
val: Hagondes Coat
val: Strendu Ring
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Yaoyotl Gloves
val: Toro Cape
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Hag. Sabots +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Dunna
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Dunna
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Dunna
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Vanya Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Dunna
val: Shango Robe
val: Bagua Mitaines +1
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Geomancy Pants
val: Lifestream Cape
val: Vanya Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Dunna
val: Shango Robe
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Lifestream Cape
val: Genmei Shield
val: Vanya Hood
val: Geomancy Pants
val: Dunna
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Tamaxchi
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Shango Robe
val: Geomancy Pants
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Orison Mitts +2
val: Mending Cape
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Vox Grip
val: Convoker's Horn
val: Beckoner's Spats
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Conveyance Cape
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Glyphic Bracers +1
val: Summoning Belt
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Orsn. Duckbills +2
val: Piety Duckbills +1
val: Alaunus's Cape
val: Gende. Galoshes
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Orison Cap +2
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Hlr. Mitts +1
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Orison Bliaud +2
val: Siegel Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Orison Locket
val: Orison Bliaud +2
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Gendewitha Spats
val: Gende. Galoshes
val: Mending Cape
val: Orison Bliaud +2
val: Orison Cap +2
val: Piety Pantaloons
val: Mending Cape
val: Orison Mitts +2
val: Orison Duckbills +2
val: Piety Pantaloons
val: Rumination Sash
val: Imbodla Necklace
val: Befouled Crown
val: Chironic Hose
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Uk'uxkaj Boots
val: Shango Robe
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Alaunus's Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Befouled Crown
val: Piety Pantaloons
val: Orsn. Duckbills +2
val: Grapevine Cape
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Befouled Crown
val: Piety Pantaloons
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Orison Bliaud +2
val: Orison Bliaud +2
val: Mending Cape
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Orsn. Duckbills +2
val: Orison Bliaud +2
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Piety Pantaloons
val: Chironic Hat
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Orsn. Duckbills +2
val: Mending Cape
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Genmei Shield
val: Bolelabunga
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Orison Mitts +2
val: Theophany Pantaloons
val: Pratik Earring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Theophany Cap
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Incantor Stone
val: Orison Earring
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Queller Rod
val: Orsn. Pantaln. +2
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Glorious Earring
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Genmei Shield
val: Theophany Cap
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Incantor Stone
val: Orison Earring
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Queller Rod
val: Orsn. Pantaln. +2
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Alaunus's Cape
val: Glorious Earring
val: Orison Bliaud +2
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Orison Cap +2
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Orsn. Pantaln. +2
val: Mending Cape
val: Luminary Sash
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Perception Ring
val: Perimede Cape
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Shango Robe
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Chironic Hat
val: Jokushu Chain
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Chironic Slippers
val: Perception Ring
val: Alaunus's Cape
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Chironic Hose
val: Chironic Doublet
val: Genmei Shield
val: Theophany Cap
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Incantor Stone
val: Orison Earring
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Queller Rod
val: Orsn. Pantaln. +2
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Glorious Earring
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Orison Earring
val: Theophany Cap
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Incantor Stone
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Glorious Earring
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Orsn. Pantaln. +2
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Rumination Sash
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Befouled Crown
val: Chironic Hose
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Uk'uxkaj Boots
val: Perception Ring
val: Alaunus's Cape
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Shango Robe
val: Imbodla Necklace
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Flax Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Befouled Crown
val: Chironic Hose
val: Patricius Ring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Chironic Hat
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Shango Robe
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Buremte Hat
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Shango Robe
val: Hlr. Mitts +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Befouled Crown
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Chironic Hose
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Befouled Crown
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Befouled Crown
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Digni. Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Chironic Hose
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Chironic Hose
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Chironic Hat
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Chironic Hose
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Befouled Crown
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Chironic Hose
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Chironic Slippers
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Befouled Crown
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Chironic Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Befouled Crown
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Chironic Hose
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Genmei Shield
val: Chironic Hat
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Queller Rod
val: Shango Robe
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Buremte Hat
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Queller Rod
val: Shango Robe
val: Hlr. Mitts +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Befouled Crown
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Queller Rod
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Chironic Hose
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Befouled Crown
val: Genmei Shield
val: Befouled Crown
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Digni. Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Queller Rod
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Chironic Hose
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Chironic Hose
val: Genmei Shield
val: Chironic Hat
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Chironic Hose
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Queller Rod
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Queller Rod
val: Genmei Shield
val: Befouled Crown
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Chironic Hose
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Queller Rod
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Chironic Slippers
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Befouled Crown
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Chironic Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Queller Rod
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Genmei Shield
val: Befouled Crown
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Queller Rod
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Chironic Hose
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Flax Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Twilight Torque
val: Homiliary
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Anchorite's Gaiters +1
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Befouled Crown
val: Flax Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Twilight Torque
val: Homiliary
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Mecisto. Mantle
val: Renaye Ring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Homiliary
val: Defending Ring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Flax Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Evans Earring
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Glyphic Doublet
val: Genmei Shield
val: Convoker's Horn
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Bolelabunga
val: Carbuncle Mitts
val: Evans Earring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Hagondes Coat
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Beckoner's Bracers
val: Evans Earring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Caller's Pendant
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Beckoner's Bracers
val: Evans Earring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Glyphic Doublet
val: Gridarvor
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Evans Earring
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Chironic Hat
val: Chironic Hose
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Befouled Crown
val: Chironic Hose
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Chironic Slippers
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Befouled Crown
val: Chironic Hose
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Befouled Crown
val: Chironic Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Befouled Crown
val: Chironic Hose
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Chironic Hat
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Shango Robe
val: Olseni Belt
val: Buremte Hat
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hlr. Mitts +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Shango Robe
val: Olseni Belt
val: Befouled Crown
val: Chironic Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Shango Robe
val: Buremte Hat
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Fotia Belt
val: Buremte Hat
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Hlr. Mitts +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Shango Robe
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Fotia Belt
val: Buremte Hat
val: Gendewitha Spats
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Gendewitha Galoshes
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Yaoyotl Gloves
val: Toro Cape
val: Strendu Ring
val: Shango Robe
val: Hlr. Mitts +1
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Apate Ring
val: Amar Cluster
val: Piety Briault +1
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Alaunus's Cape
val: Orvail Pants +1
val: Siegel Sash
val: Vanya Hood
val: Orvail Pants +1
val: Incantor Stone
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: 
val: Orison Locket
val: Alaunus's Cape
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Orison Locket
val: Incantor Stone
val: Genmei Shield
val: Vanya Hood
val: Orison Locket
val: Incantor Stone
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Queller Rod
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Orsn. Pantaln. +2
val: Genmei Shield
val: Vanya Hood
val: Orison Locket
val: Incantor Stone
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Queller Rod
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Orsn. Pantaln. +2
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Vanya Hood
val: Orsn. Pantaln. +2
val: Incantor Stone
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: 
val: Orison Locket
val: Alaunus's Cape
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Siegel Sash
val: Umuthi Hat
val: Orvail Pants +1
val: Incantor Stone
val: Orison Bliaud +2
val: 
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Alaunus's Cape
val: Orison Locket
val: 
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Vanya Hood
val: Orsn. Pantaln. +2
val: Incantor Stone
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: 
val: Orison Locket
val: Alaunus's Cape
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Vanya Hood
val: Orison Locket
val: Incantor Stone
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Queller Rod
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Orsn. Pantaln. +2
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Vanya Hood
val: 
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Antitail +1
val: 
val: Flax Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Plun. Armlets
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Chaac Belt
val: Skulk. Poulaines
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Futhark Mitons +1
val: Warwolf Belt
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Twilight Helm
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Torque
val: Twilight Mail
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Lancer's Torque
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Updraft Mantle
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Potestas Bomblet
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Focal Orb
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Hose
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Focal Orb
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Pelt. Cuissots +1
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: Olseni Belt
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Ginsen
val: Rajas Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Focal Orb
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Wanion Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Focal Orb
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Pel. Vambraces +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Sulevia's Plate. +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Assuage Earring
val: Ptero. Mail +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Vishap Greaves +1
val: Twilight Helm
val: Twilight Mail
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Sulevia's Plate. +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Helm
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Defending Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Twilight Helm
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Mail
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Twilight Mail
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Twilight Helm
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Twilight Mail
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Twilight Helm
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Twilight Mail
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Emicho Hose
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: 
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Focal Orb
val: Nepenthe Grip +1
val: Digni. Earring
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Olseni Belt
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Gungnir
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Updraft Mantle
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Hose
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: Usonmunku
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Emicho Hose
val: Nepenthe Grip +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Focal Orb
val: Rajas Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Gungnir
val: Ejekamal Boots
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Nepenthe Grip +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Gungnir
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: Nepenthe Grip +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Nepenthe Grip +1
val: Digni. Earring
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Ginsen
val: Rajas Ring
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Gungnir
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Asperity Necklace
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Twilight Mail
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Focal Orb
val: Rajas Ring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Nepenthe Grip +1
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: Gungnir
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Valorous Mail
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Nepenthe Grip +1
val: Updraft Mantle
val: Gungnir
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Nepenthe Grip +1
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Potestas Bomblet
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Eschan Stone
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Gungnir
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Gungnir
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Nepenthe Grip +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Focal Orb
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Emicho Haubert
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Gungnir
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Pel. Vambraces +1
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Focal Orb
val: Nepenthe Grip +1
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Valorous Mask
val: Pelt. Cuissots +1
val: Focal Orb
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Gungnir
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: Nepenthe Grip +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Peltast's Mezail +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Focal Orb
val: Rajas Ring
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Gungnir
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Focal Orb
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Focal Orb
val: Olseni Belt
val: Valorous Mail
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Updraft Mantle
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Emicho Hose
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Twilight Helm
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Focal Orb
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Twilight Mail
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Hose
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Flax Sash
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Sulevia's Plate. +1
val: Assuage Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Fotia Belt
val: Quiahuiz Helm
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Weapon skill damage +10%
val: Ptero. Mail +1
val: Ptero. Mail +1
val: Pratik Earring
val: Vishap Armet +1
val: Pel. Vambraces +1
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Peltast's Mezail +1
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Amar Cluster
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Pelt. Schyn. +1
val: Pelt. Cuissots +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: Ptero. Fin. G. +1
val: Angon
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Ptero. Fin. G. +1
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Peltast's Mezail +1
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Amar Cluster
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Vishap Greaves +1
val: Pelt. Cuissots +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Vishap F. G. +1
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Vishap Mail +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Peltast's Mezail +1
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Amar Cluster
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Amm Greaves
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Vishap F. G. +1
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Vishap Mail +1
val: Twilight Helm
val: Twilight Mail
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Peltast's Mezail +1
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Amar Cluster
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Pelt. Cuissots +1
val: Pelt. Schyn. +1
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Peltast's Mezail +1
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Amar Cluster
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Pelt. Schyn. +1
val: Pelt. Cuissots +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Pelt. Plackart +1
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Vishap Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Vishap Armet +1
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Hattori Ningi
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Hattori Hakama +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Fotia Belt
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Brutal Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Toro Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Brutal Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Mummu Wrists +1
val: Iga Erimaki
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mummu Gamash. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Brutal Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Apate Ring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Iga Erimaki
val: Epona's Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Mummu Gamash. +1
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Mummu Wrists +1
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Brutal Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Herculean Vest
val: Apate Ring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Herculean Vest
val: Apate Ring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Brutal Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Brutal Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Brutal Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Nahtirah Trousers
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Hachiya Tekko
val: Iga Erimaki
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mummu Gamash. +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Apate Ring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Herculean Vest
val: Apate Ring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Hattori Tekko
val: Mochi. Chainmail
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Uk'uxkaj Cap
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Feast Hose
val: Hachi. Kyahan +1
val: Nahtirah Trousers
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Olseni Belt
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Magoraga Beads
val: Mochi. Chainmail
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Chaac Belt
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Torque
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Danzo Sune-ate
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Hachiya Hatsuburi
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Diamond Ring
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Perception Ring
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Eschan Stone
val: Denali Kecks
val: Scamp's Sollerets
val: Eschan Stone
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Mochi. Chainmail
val: Scorpion Ring +1
val: Behemoth Ring
val: Hachiya Tekko
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Feast Hose
val: Herculean Boots
val: Eschan Stone
val: Hachi. Kyahan +1
val: Mochi. Hatsuburi
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Diamond Ring
val: Crematio Earring
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Hachiya Hatsuburi
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Scamp's Sollerets
val: Denali Kecks
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Perception Ring
val: Diamond Ring
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Toro Cape
val: Hattori Tekko
val: Denali Kecks
val: Perception Ring
val: 
val: Mochizuki Tekko
val: Hachiya Hatsuburi
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Mochizuki Tekko
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Hachiya Hatsuburi
val: Hattori Kyahan
val: Danzo Sune-ate
val: Olseni Belt
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Herculean Vest
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Eschan Stone
val: Lilitu Headpiece
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Chaac Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Iga Erimaki
val: Epona's Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Mummu Gamash. +1
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Mummu Wrists +1
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Olseni Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Otronif Boots
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Mummu Jacket +1
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Twilight Belt
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hattori Ningi
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Anchorite's Gaiters +1
val: 
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Amar Cluster
val: Flax Sash
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Twilight Torque
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Amm Greaves
val: Assuage Earring
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Alert Ring
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Koga Sarashi
val: Iga Erimaki
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Otronif Harness
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Amm Greaves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Flax Sash
val: Defending Ring
val: Danzo Sune-ate
val: Flax Sash
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Danzo Sune-ate
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Danzo Sune-ate
val: Twilight Torque
val: Infused Earring
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Danzo Sune-ate
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Apaisante
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Apaisante
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Odium
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Odium
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Pole Grip
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Olseni Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Brutal Earring
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Pitchfork
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Brutal Earring
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Aizushintogo
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Twilight Belt
val: Aizushintogo
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Rajas Ring
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Aizushintogo
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Hattori Ningi
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Aizushintogo
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Brutal Earring
val: Aizushintogo
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Brutal Earring
val: Aizushintogo
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Mummu Jacket +1
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Aizushintogo
val: Otronif Boots
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Brutal Earring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Suppanomimi
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Aizushintogo
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Suppanomimi
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Aizushintogo
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Aizushintogo
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Digni. Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Boots
val: Olseni Belt
val: Aizushintogo
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Lilitu Headpiece
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Aizushintogo
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Count's Cuffs
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Epona's Ring
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Mummu Gamash. +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Aizushintogo
val: Brutal Earring
val: Mummu Wrists +1
val: Iga Erimaki
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Achiuchikapu
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Hattori Hakama +1
val: Hope Torque
val: Epona's Ring
val: Mextli Harness
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Aizushintogo
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Olseni Belt
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Brutal Earring
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Olseni Belt
val: Ark Scythe
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Brutal Earring
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Ark Scythe
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Brutal Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Pole Grip
val: Suppanomimi
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Pole Grip
val: Suppanomimi
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Brutal Earring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Pole Grip
val: Suppanomimi
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Pole Grip
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Brutal Earring
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Pole Grip
val: Suppanomimi
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Pole Grip
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Brutal Earring
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Digni. Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Boots
val: Olseni Belt
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Andartia's Mantle
val: Pole Grip
val: Suppanomimi
val: Yokaze Mantle
val: Hattori Zukin +1
val: Mochi. Hakama +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: 
val: Hachi. Chain. +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Flax Sash
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Assuage Earring
val: Amm Greaves
val: Twilight Torque
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Ocelomeh Headpiece +1
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Vox Grip
val: Convoker's Horn
val: Beckoner's Spats
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Conveyance Cape
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Glyphic Bracers +1
val: Summoning Belt
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Scorpion Ring +1
val: Behemoth Ring
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Flax Sash
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Sulevia's Plate. +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Assuage Earring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Infused Earring
val: Valor. Hose
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Twilight Helm
val: Twilight Mail
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Homeric Gorget
val: Sulevia's Plate. +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Valorous Mail
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Pole Grip
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Aganoshe
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hardwood Katana
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Zulfiqar
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Zulfiqar
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Pole Grip
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Zulfiqar
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Pole Grip
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Zulfiqar
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Zulfiqar
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Pole Grip
val: Zulfiqar
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Zulfiqar
val: Pole Grip
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Zulfiqar
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Zulfiqar
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Zulfiqar
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Zulfiqar
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Pole Grip
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Aganoshe
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Aganoshe
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Pole Grip
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Aganoshe
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Pole Grip
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Aganoshe
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Aganoshe
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Pole Grip
val: Aganoshe
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Aganoshe
val: Pole Grip
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Aganoshe
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Aganoshe
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Aganoshe
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Moepapa Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Aganoshe
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: empty
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: empty
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Pole Grip
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Aganoshe
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: empty
val: Valorous Mask
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: empty
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: empty
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: empty
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Ark Scythe
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Ark Scythe
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Pole Grip
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Ark Scythe
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Pole Grip
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Ark Scythe
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Ark Scythe
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Pole Grip
val: Ark Scythe
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Ark Scythe
val: Pole Grip
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Ark Scythe
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ark Scythe
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Ark Scythe
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Ark Scythe
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Pole Grip
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Pitchfork
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Pole Grip
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Pole Grip
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Pole Grip
val: Pitchfork
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Pitchfork
val: Pole Grip
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Pitchfork
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Pitchfork
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Pole Grip
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hatxiik
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Hatxiik
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hatxiik
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Hatxiik
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Hatxiik
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Hatxiik
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Hatxiik
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Hatxiik
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hatxiik
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Hatxiik
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hatxiik
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Odium
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Odium
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Odium
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Odium
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Odium
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Odium
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Odium
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Odium
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Odium
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Odium
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Odium
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Trainee Burin
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Trainee Burin
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Trainee Burin
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Trainee Burin
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Trainee Burin
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Trainee Burin
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Trainee Burin
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Trainee Burin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Trainee Burin
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Trainee Burin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Trainee Burin
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mail
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Deliverance
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Deliverance
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Deliverance
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Deliverance
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Deliverance
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Deliverance
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Deliverance
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Deliverance
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Deliverance
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Deliverance
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Deliverance
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Deliverance
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Deliverance
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Deliverance
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Deliverance
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Odium
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Deliverance
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Odium
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Deliverance
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Odium
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Deliverance
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Odium
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Odium
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Deliverance
val: Odium
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Odium
val: Deliverance
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Odium
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Odium
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Odium
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Odium
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Trainee Burin
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Deliverance
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Trainee Burin
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Deliverance
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Trainee Burin
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Deliverance
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Trainee Burin
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Trainee Burin
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Deliverance
val: Trainee Burin
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Trainee Burin
val: Deliverance
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Trainee Burin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Deliverance
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Trainee Burin
val: Valorous Mail
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Trainee Burin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Trainee Burin
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Valorous Mail
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Flax Sash
val: Twilight Helm
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Torque
val: Twilight Mail
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Anchorite's Gaiters +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Helm
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Flax Sash
val: Defending Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Twilight Helm
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Mail
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Twilight Mail
val: Flax Sash
val: Twilight Helm
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Patricius Ring
val: Twilight Mail
val: Flax Sash
val: Twilight Helm
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Twilight Mail
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Evans Earring
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Glyphic Doublet
val: Genmei Shield
val: Convoker's Horn
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Bolelabunga
val: Carbuncle Mitts
val: Evans Earring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Hagondes Coat
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Beckoner's Bracers
val: Evans Earring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Caller's Pendant
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Beckoner's Bracers
val: Evans Earring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Glyphic Doublet
val: Gridarvor
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Evans Earring
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Valorous Mail
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Emicho Hose
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Valorous Mail
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Valorous Mail
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Olseni Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Flamma Dirs +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Zoran's Belt
val: Otomi Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Patricius Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Emicho Gauntlets
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mauler's Mantle
val: Wanion Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Rvg. Cuisses +2
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Valorous Mail
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Thunder Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Thunder Gorget
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Valor. Hose
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Valor. Hose
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Valor. Hose
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Valor. Hose
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Valor. Hose
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Valor. Hose
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Valor. Hose
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Valor. Hose
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Valor. Hose
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Valor. Hose
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Thunder Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Thunder Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Valor. Hose
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Valor. Hose
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Thunder Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Thunder Gorget
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Odyssean Gauntlets
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Pumm. Lorica +1
val: Cichol's Mantle
val: Agoge Calligae +1
val: Rvg. Lorica +2
val: Pumm. Mask +1
val: Agoge Lorica +1
val: Rvg. Calligae +2
val: Agoge Mask +1
val: Rvg. Mufflers +2
val: Agoge Mufflers +1
val: Thr. Tomahawk
val: Agoge Calligae +1
val: Savas Jawshan
val: Laic Mantle
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Emicho Hose
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Odyss. Chestplate
val: 
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Antitail +1
val: 
val: Flax Sash
val: Sulevia's Mask +1
val: Sulevi. Cuisses +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Sulev. Leggings +1
val: Sulevia's Plate. +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Sulev. Gauntlets +1
val: Assuage Earring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Plun. Armlets
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Chaac Belt
val: Skulk. Poulaines
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Futhark Mitons +1
val: Warwolf Belt
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Pillager's Armlets
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skulk. Armlets +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Vox Grip
val: Convoker's Horn
val: Beckoner's Spats
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Conveyance Cape
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Glyphic Bracers +1
val: Summoning Belt
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Iuitl Tights
val: Patricius Ring
val: Skulk. Poulaines
val: Toro Cape
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Plun. Armlets
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Diamond Ring
val: Crematio Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Flax Sash
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Behemoth Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Scorpion Ring +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Scorpion Ring +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Behemoth Ring
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Kaabnax Trousers
val: Pillager's Vest
val: Pillager's Armlets
val: Canny Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Flax Sash
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Twilight Torque
val: Herculean Vest
val: Defending Ring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Assuage Earring
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Herculean Vest
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Canny Cape
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Thur. Boots +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Canny Cape
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Canny Cape
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Izhiikoh
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Mextli Harness
val: Herculean Boots
val: Twilight Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Kaabnax Trousers
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Izhiikoh
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Izhiikoh
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skulker's Vest
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Izhiikoh
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Izhiikoh
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Digni. Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Boots
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Laic Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Iuitl Tights
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Izhiikoh
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Izhiikoh
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Eschan Stone
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Epona's Ring
val: Izhiikoh
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Love Torque
val: Skulker's Culottes
val: Epona's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Izhiikoh
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Canny Cape
val: Taming Sari
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Taming Sari
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Shijo
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Canny Cape
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Herculean Boots
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Shijo
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Canny Cape
val: Epona's Ring
val: Mextli Harness
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Twilight Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Kaabnax Trousers
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Shijo
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Shijo
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Canny Cape
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skulker's Vest
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Shijo
val: Epona's Ring
val: Canny Cape
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Shijo
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Laic Mantle
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Iuitl Tights
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Horn Arrow
val: Killer Shortbow
val: Canny Cape
val: Shijo
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Shijo
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Maskirova Torque
val: 
val: Antitail +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Canny Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skinflayer
val: Shijo
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Digni. Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Shijo
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Cho'j Band
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Canny Cape
val: Shijo
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Shijo
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Love Torque
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Skulker's Culottes
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Canny Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Shijo
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Canny Cape
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skulker's Vest
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Aife's Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Herculean Boots
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: 
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: 
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Pole Grip
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Pitchfork
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Ark Scythe
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Epona's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Taming Sari
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Taming Sari
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Taming Sari
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Taming Sari
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Canny Cape
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Herculean Boots
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Taming Sari
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Canny Cape
val: Epona's Ring
val: Mextli Harness
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Twilight Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Kaabnax Trousers
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Taming Sari
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Taming Sari
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Canny Cape
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skulker's Vest
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Taming Sari
val: Epona's Ring
val: Canny Cape
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Taming Sari
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Laic Mantle
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Iuitl Tights
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Horn Arrow
val: Killer Shortbow
val: Canny Cape
val: Taming Sari
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Taming Sari
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Maskirova Torque
val: 
val: Antitail +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Canny Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skinflayer
val: Taming Sari
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Digni. Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Taming Sari
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Cho'j Band
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Canny Cape
val: Taming Sari
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Taming Sari
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Love Torque
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Skulker's Culottes
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Canny Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Taming Sari
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Love Torque
val: Canny Cape
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skulker's Vest
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Aife's Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Herculean Boots
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Pole Grip
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Pitchfork
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Ark Scythe
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Deliverance
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Mextli Harness
val: Herculean Boots
val: Twilight Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Kaabnax Trousers
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skulker's Vest
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Deliverance
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Digni. Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Boots
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Laic Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Iuitl Tights
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Deliverance
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Deliverance
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Eschan Stone
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Epona's Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Love Torque
val: Skulker's Culottes
val: Epona's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Deliverance
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Deliverance
val: Herculean Boots
val: Deliverance
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Canny Cape
val: Killer Shortbow
val: Horn Arrow
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Canny Cape
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Deliverance
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: 
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Canny Cape
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Herculean Boots
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Deliverance
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Canny Cape
val: Epona's Ring
val: Mextli Harness
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Twilight Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Kaabnax Trousers
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Deliverance
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Canny Cape
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skulker's Vest
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Deliverance
val: Epona's Ring
val: Canny Cape
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Deliverance
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Laic Mantle
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Digni. Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Iuitl Tights
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Horn Arrow
val: Killer Shortbow
val: Canny Cape
val: Deliverance
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Deliverance
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Maskirova Torque
val: 
val: Antitail +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Canny Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skinflayer
val: Deliverance
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Digni. Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Cho'j Band
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Canny Cape
val: Deliverance
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skinflayer
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Love Torque
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Skulker's Culottes
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Canny Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Deliverance
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Love Torque
val: Canny Cape
val: Epona's Ring
val: Skulker's Vest
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Aife's Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Herculean Boots
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Pole Grip
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Pitchfork
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Herculean Boots
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Ark Scythe
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Torque
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Infused Earring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Anchorite's Gaiters +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Defending Ring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Infused Earring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Infused Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Infused Earring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Evans Earring
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Glyphic Doublet
val: Genmei Shield
val: Convoker's Horn
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Bolelabunga
val: Carbuncle Mitts
val: Evans Earring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Hagondes Coat
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Beckoner's Bracers
val: Evans Earring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Caller's Pendant
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Beckoner's Bracers
val: Evans Earring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Glyphic Doublet
val: Gridarvor
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Evans Earring
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Mummu Bonnet +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Cho'j Band
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Canny Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Skulker's Culottes
val: Epona's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Love Torque
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Canny Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Iuitl Tights
val: Rajas Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Laic Mantle
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Kaabnax Trousers
val: Epona's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Canny Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mextli Harness
val: Wanion Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Canny Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Skulker's Vest
val: Chaac Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Iuitl Tights
val: Patricius Ring
val: Skulk. Poulaines
val: Toro Cape
val: Plun. Armlets
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Perception Ring
val: Crematio Earring
val: Key Ring Belt
val: Plun. Bonnet
val: Pillager's Armlets
val: Pillager's Culottes
val: Pillager's Poulaines
val: Skulker's Bonnet
val: Skulker's Bonnet
val: Pillager's Poulaines
val: Plun. Bonnet
val: Plun. Armlets
val: Plun. Armlets
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Chaac Belt
val: Skulk. Poulaines
val: Skulker's Vest
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Skulk. Armlets +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Pillager's Armlets
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Plun. Culottes
val: Skulker's Culottes
val: Skulk. Poulaines
val: Pillager's Vest
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Crematio Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Chaac Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Toro Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Skulk. Poulaines
val: Plun. Armlets
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Crematio Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Apate Ring
val: Toro Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Apate Ring
val: 
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: 
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Ishvara Earring
val: 
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: 
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Apate Ring
val: Pillager's Culottes
val: Pillager's Vest
val: Pillager's Culottes
val: Pillager's Vest
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Fotia Belt
val: Aife's Ring
val: Pillager's Culottes
val: Pillager's Vest
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Pillager's Culottes
val: Pillager's Vest
val: Pillager's Culottes
val: Pillager's Vest
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Fotia Belt
val: Aife's Ring
val: Pillager's Culottes
val: Pillager's Vest
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Skulker's Culottes
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Love Torque
val: Herculean Boots
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Skulker's Culottes
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Love Torque
val: Herculean Boots
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Skulker's Culottes
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Epona's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Skulker's Culottes
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Love Torque
val: Herculean Boots
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Canny Cape
val: Herculean Boots
val: Love Torque
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Skulker's Culottes
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Canny Cape
val: Love Torque
val: Herculean Boots
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Apate Ring
val: 
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: 
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Ishvara Earring
val: 
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: 
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Pillager's Culottes
val: Aife's Ring
val: Pillager's Vest
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Pillager's Culottes
val: Aife's Ring
val: Pillager's Vest
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Fotia Belt
val: Aife's Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Pillager's Culottes
val: Aife's Ring
val: Pillager's Vest
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Aife's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Toutatis's Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Plun. Armlets
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Chaac Belt
val: Skulk. Poulaines
val: Plun. Armlets
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Chaac Belt
val: Skulk. Poulaines
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Iuitl Wristbands
val: Nahtirah Trousers
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Uk'uxkaj Cap
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Feast Hose
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Magoraga Beads
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Bloody Bolt
val: Antitail +1
val: 
val: Killer Shortbow
val: Horn Arrow
val: 
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Skormoth Mask
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Assuage Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Herculean Vest
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Herculean Boots
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Mummu Kecks +1
val: Plun. Armlets
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Chaac Belt
val: Skulk. Poulaines
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Futhark Mitons +1
val: Warwolf Belt
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Thaumas Hat
val: Eddy Necklace
val: Vanir Cotehardie
val: Omega Ring
val: Novio Earring
val: Evasionist's Cape
val: Yamabuki-no-obi
val: Iuitl Tights
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Futhark Boots +1
val: Futhark Bandeau +1
val: Futhark Coat +1
val: Futhark trousers +1
val: Runeist Coat
val: Runeist Mitons
val: Futhark Mitons +1
val: Futhark trousers +1
val: Runeist Coat
val: Futhark Mitons +1
val: Warwolf Belt
val: Futhark Coat +1
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Thaumas Hat
val: Eddy Necklace
val: Vanir Cotehardie
val: Omega Ring
val: Novio Earring
val: Evasionist's Cape
val: Yamabuki-no-obi
val: Iuitl Tights
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Wanion Belt
val: Wanion Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Wanion Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Futhark Mitons +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Epona's Ring
val: Evasionist's Cape
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Soil Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Soil Gorget
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Light Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Light Gorget
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Soil Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Soil Gorget
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Rajas Ring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Wanion Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Windbuffet Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Futhark Mitons +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Thunder Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Epona's Ring
val: Evasionist's Cape
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Qaaxo Leggings
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Snow Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Snow Gorget
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Brutal Earring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Soil Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Soil Gorget
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Wanion Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Wanion Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Snow Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Snow Gorget
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Eddy Necklace
val: Runeist Bandeau
val: Thaumas gloves
val: Orvail Pants +1
val: Prolix Ring
val: Liminus Earring
val: Runeist Bandeau
val: Orvail Pants +1
val: Orvail Pants +1
val: Runeist Bandeau
val: Thaumas gloves
val: Magoraga beads
val: Prolix Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Prolix Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Thaumas gloves
val: Siegel Sash
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Thaumas gloves
val: Runeist Bandeau
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Futhark Trousers +1
val: Prolix Ring
val: Liminus Earring
val: Magoraga beads
val: Runeist Bandeau
val: Thaumas gloves
val: Orvail Pants +1
val: Prolix Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Flax Sash
val: 
val: Twilight Torque
val: Homiliary
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Respite Cloak
val: Renaye Ring
val: Evasionist's Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Liminus Earring
val: Runeist Trousers
val: Yamabuki-no-Obi
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Izdubar Mantle
val: Siegel Sash
val: Runeist Mitons
val: Liminus Earring
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Futhark Trousers +1
val: Runeist Bandeau
val: Pratik Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Futhark Boots +1
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Twilight Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Potestas Bomblet
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Cho'j Band
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Twilight Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Liminus Earring
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Terminus Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Twilight Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Twilight Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Iuitl Vest
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Twilight Belt
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Vest
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Wanion Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Twilight Belt
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Sleep Bolt
val: Hangaku-no-Yumi
val: Horn Arrow
val: Holliday
val: Bronze Bullet
val: Anchorite's Gaiters +1
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Twilight Torque
val: Runeist Coat
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Defending Ring
val: Evasionist's Cape
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Herculean Vest
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Amar Cluster
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Alert Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Patricius Ring
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Defending Ring
val: Twilight Torque
val: Evasionist's Cape
val: Flax Sash
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Homiliary
val: Respite Cloak
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Flax Sash
val: 
val: Twilight Torque
val: Homiliary
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Evasionist's Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Respite Cloak
val: Moonshade Earring
val: 
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: 
val: Twilight Torque
val: Homiliary
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Evasionist's Cape
val: Runeist Coat
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Flax Sash
val: 
val: Twilight Torque
val: Homiliary
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Evasionist's Cape
val: Respite Cloak
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Twilight Torque
val: Evasionist's Cape
val: Defending Ring
val: Flax Sash
val: 
val: Twilight Torque
val: Homiliary
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Respite Cloak
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Evasionist's Cape
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Twilight Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Viking Shield
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Usonmunku
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Usonmunku
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Usonmunku
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Viking Shield
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Viking Shield
val: Digni. Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Usonmunku
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Usonmunku
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Potestas Bomblet
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Usonmunku
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Usonmunku
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Viking Shield
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Usonmunku
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Usonmunku
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Twilight Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Viking Shield
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Viking Shield
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Viking Shield
val: Digni. Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Potestas Bomblet
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Viking Shield
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Twilight Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Viking Shield
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Perun +1
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Perun +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Perun +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Viking Shield
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Viking Shield
val: Digni. Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Perun +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Perun +1
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Potestas Bomblet
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Perun +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Perun +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Viking Shield
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Perun +1
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Viking Shield
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Perun +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Amar Cluster
val: Amar Cluster
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Twilight Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Elephas Axe
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Elephas Axe
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Elephas Axe
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Digni. Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Elephas Axe
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Elephas Axe
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Potestas Bomblet
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Elephas Axe
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Elephas Axe
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Elephas Axe
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Elephas Axe
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Twilight Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Zulfiqar
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Zulfiqar
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Zulfiqar
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Digni. Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Zulfiqar
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Zulfiqar
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Potestas Bomblet
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Zulfiqar
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Zulfiqar
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Zulfiqar
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Tzacab Grip
val: Liminus Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Zulfiqar
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Terminus Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Brutal Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Repulse Mantle
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Twilight Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Usonmunku
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Usonmunku
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Usonmunku
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Digni. Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Usonmunku
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Usonmunku
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Potestas Bomblet
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Usonmunku
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Usonmunku
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Usonmunku
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Usonmunku
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Twilight Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Digni. Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Potestas Bomblet
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Kumbhakarna
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Twilight Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Perun +1
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seeth. Bomblet +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Perun +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Perun +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Digni. Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Perun +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Brutal Earring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Perun +1
val: Iuitl Vest
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Potestas Bomblet
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Perun +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Thaumas Nails
val: Perun +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Perun +1
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Brutal Earring
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Loxotic Mace
val: Brutal Earring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Twilight Belt
val: Runeist Bottes
val: Perun +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Moepapa Annulet
val: Amar Cluster
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Futhark Mitons +1
val: Warwolf Belt
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Ejekamal Mask
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Amar Cluster
val: Defending Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Runeist Coat
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Twilight Torque
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Evasionist's Cape
val: Ocelomeh Headpiece +1
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Vox Grip
val: Convoker's Horn
val: Beckoner's Spats
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Conveyance Cape
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Glyphic Bracers +1
val: Summoning Belt
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Grapevine Cape
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Perimede Cape
val: Genmei Shield
val: Bolelabunga
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Pratik Earring
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Siegel Sash
val: Fucho-no-Obi
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Shango Robe
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Excelsis Ring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Perception Ring
val: Elan Strap
val: Perimede Cape
val: Genmei Shield
val: Vanya Hood
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Tamaxchi
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Tethyan Trews +3
val: Hag. Sabots +1
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Deino Collar
val: Apogee Crown
val: Glyphic Spats
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Scintillating Cape
val: Hag. Sabots +1
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Espiritus
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Merlinic Dastanas
val: Vox Grip
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Apogee Dalmatica
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Hag. Sabots +1
val: Apogee Crown
val: Apogee Slacks
val: Seraphicaller
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Apogee Crown
val: Glyphic Spats
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Apogee Dalmatica
val: Deino Collar
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Espiritus
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Merlinic Dastanas
val: Vox Grip
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Hag. Sabots +1
val: Apogee Dalmatica
val: Deino Collar
val: Vox Grip
val: Espiritus
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Merlinic Dastanas
val: Scintillating Cape
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Summoning Belt
val: Convoker's Horn
val: Beckoner's Spats
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Conveyance Cape
val: Vox Grip
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Glyphic Bracers +1
val: Caller's Pendant
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Summoning Belt
val: Convoker's Horn
val: Beckoner's Spats
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Conveyance Cape
val: Caller's Pendant
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Glyphic Bracers +1
val: Vox Grip
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Apogee Crown
val: Apogee Slacks
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Doublet +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Elan Strap
val: Gelos Earring
val: Glyphic Bracers +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Apogee Crown
val: Apogee Slacks
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Doublet +1
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Gelos Earring
val: Glyphic Bracers +1
val: Elan Strap
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Glyphic Spats
val: Summoning Belt
val: Convoker's Horn
val: Beckoner's Spats
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Vox Grip
val: Glyphic Bracers +1
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Conveyance Cape
val: Elan Strap
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Perception Ring
val: Toro Cape
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Fucho-no-Obi
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Hag. Sabots +1
val: Fucho-no-Obi
val: Hagondes Hat
val: Twilight Torque
val: Hagondes Coat
val: Patricius Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Gridarvor
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Renaye Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Gridarvor
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Gridarvor
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Seraphicaller
val: Rajas Ring
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Gridarvor
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Gridarvor
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Gridarvor
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Gridarvor
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Olseni Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Genmei Shield
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Renaye Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Seraphicaller
val: Rajas Ring
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Digni. Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Bolelabunga
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Bolelabunga
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bolelabunga
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Ocelomeh Headpiece +1
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Fucho-no-Obi
val: Beckoner's Horn
val: Twilight Torque
val: Seraphicaller
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Apogee Dalmatica
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Anchorite's Gaiters +1
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Fucho-no-Obi
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Summoning Belt
val: Beckoner's Horn
val: Beckoner's Spats
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Vox Grip
val: Glyphic Bracers +1
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Conveyance Cape
val: Glyphic Doublet
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Incarnation Sash
val: Apogee Crown
val: Regimen Mittens
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Fucho-no-Obi
val: Beckoner's Horn
val: Twilight Torque
val: Seraphicaller
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Apogee Dalmatica
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Mecisto. Mantle
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Gridarvor
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Evans Earring
val: Twilight Torque
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Beckoner's Horn
val: Twilight Torque
val: Seraphicaller
val: Fucho-no-Obi
val: Defending Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Apogee Dalmatica
val: Fucho-no-Obi
val: Beckoner's Horn
val: Twilight Torque
val: Seraphicaller
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Mecisto. Mantle
val: Renaye Ring
val: Apogee Dalmatica
val: Fucho-no-Obi
val: Beckoner's Horn
val: Twilight Torque
val: Seraphicaller
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Apogee Dalmatica
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Evans Earring
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Glyphic Doublet
val: Genmei Shield
val: Convoker's Horn
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Bolelabunga
val: Carbuncle Mitts
val: Evans Earring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Hagondes Coat
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Beckoner's Bracers
val: Evans Earring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Caller's Pendant
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Gridarvor
val: Beckoner's Bracers
val: Evans Earring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Call. Doublet +2
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Glyphic Doublet
val: Gridarvor
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Evans Earring
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Campestres's Cape
val: Con. Pigaches +1
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Cho'j Band
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Rajas Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Samanisi Cape
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Samanisi Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Summoning Belt
val: Convoker's Horn
val: Beckoner's Spats
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Caller's Pgch. +2
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Vox Grip
val: Glyphic Bracers +1
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Conveyance Cape
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Beckoner's Bracers
val: Fotia Belt
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Fucho-no-Obi
val: Beckoner's Bracers
val: Con. Doublet +1
val: Evoker's Ring
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Tali'ah Turban +1
val: Tali'ah Sera. +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Tali'ah Crackows +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Tali'ah Gages +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Tali'ah Manteel +1
val: Seraphicaller
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Siegel Sash
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Befouled Crown
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Perimede Cape
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Perimede Cape
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Vanya Hood
val: Vox Grip
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Glyphic Spats
val: Seraphicaller
val: Apogee Dalmatica
val: Espiritus
val: Glyphic Bracers +1
val: Evans Earring
val: Conveyance Cape
val: Vox Grip
val: Glyphic Horn +1
val: Glyphic Spats
val: Seraphicaller
val: Apogee Dalmatica
val: Espiritus
val: Glyphic Bracers +1
val: Evans Earring
val: Conveyance Cape
val: Killer Shortbow
val: Horn Arrow
val: 
val: Ginsen
val: Fucho-no-Obi
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Hag. Sabots +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Chaac Belt
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Futhark Mitons +1
val: Warwolf Belt
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Luhlaza Jubbah
val: Hashishin Kavuk
val: Assim. Charuqs +1
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Hashishin Basmak
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Iris
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Colada
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amalric Gages
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Crematio Earring
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Rajas Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Luhlaza Bazubands
val: Uk'uxkaj Cap
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Luhlaza Jubbah
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Perimede Cape
val: Perimede Cape
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Hashi. Bazubands
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Hashishin Mintan +1
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Flax Sash
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Mavi Scarf
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Defending Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Mavi Earring
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Mavi Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Crematio Earring
val: Iris
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Colada
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Perception Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Iris
val: Mavi Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Crematio Earring
val: Luminary Sash
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Colada
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Chaac Belt
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Mavi Earring
val: Feast Hose
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Mavi Earring
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Grapevine Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Mavi Earring
val: Luminary Sash
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Mavi Earring
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Iris
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Crematio Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Colada
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amalric Gages
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Feast Hose
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Toro Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Luminary Sash
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Infused Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Laic Mantle
val: Iuitl Wristbands
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Luminary Sash
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Mavi Earring
val: Iris
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Crematio Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Colada
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amalric Gages
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Hashi. Bazubands
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Hashishin Basmak
val: Wanion Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Love Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Rajas Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Mavi Earring
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Iris
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Crematio Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Colada
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amalric Gages
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Mavi Earring
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Iris
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Crematio Earring
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Eschan Stone
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Iris
val: Crematio Earring
val: Colada
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Amalric Gages
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Hashishin Basmak
val: Colada
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amalric Gages
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Iris
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Crematio Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Colada
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amalric Gages
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Iris
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Ghastly Tathlum +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Crematio Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Colada
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amalric Gages
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Whirlpool Mask
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Cho'j Band
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Ginsen
val: Rajas Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Atheling Mantle
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mextli Harness
val: Wanion Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Flax Sash
val: Uk'uxkaj Cap
val: Twilight Torque
val: Amalric Doublet
val: Defending Ring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Feast Hose
val: Tutyr Sabots
val: Assuage Earring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Herculean Helm
val: Accuracy+29
val: STR+6
val: Attack+3
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Herculean Boots
val: Uk'uxkaj Cap
val: Twilight Torque
val: Hagondes Coat
val: Patricius Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Flax Sash
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Defending Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Mavi Scarf
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Defending Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Mecisto. Mantle
val: Renaye Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Defending Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Flax Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Mavi Scarf
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Defending Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Renaye Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Epona's Ring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Mavi Scarf
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Apate Ring
val: Mavi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Assim. Charuqs +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Perception Ring
val: Mavi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Herculean Vest
val: Luminary Sash
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Mavi Earring
val: Wanion Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Love Torque
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Manibozho Brais
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Colada
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Colada
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Mextli Harness
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Colada
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Colada
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Colada
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Colada
val: Digni. Earring
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Ginsen
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Colada
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Colada
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Colada
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Colada
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hashishin Kavuk
val: Mavi Scarf
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Mextli Harness
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Tjukurrpa Annulet
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Iris
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Iris
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Tamaxchi
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Tamaxchi
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Amar Cluster
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Pitchfork +1
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Pitchfork +1
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Pitchfork +1
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Ark Scythe
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Herculean Vest
val: Apate Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Iuitl Wristbands
val: Laic Mantle
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Genmei Shield
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Genmei Shield
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Mextli Harness
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Quiahuiz Trousers
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Genmei Shield
val: Digni. Earring
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Ginsen
val: Rajas Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Eschan Stone
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hashishin Kavuk
val: Mavi Scarf
val: Amar Cluster
val: Epona's Ring
val: Mextli Harness
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Tjukurrpa Annulet
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Genmei Shield
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Tamaxchi
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Tamaxchi
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Amar Cluster
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Pitchfork +1
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Pitchfork +1
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Olseni Belt
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Honed Tathlum
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Rosmerta's Cape
val: Pitchfork +1
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Heartseeker Earring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Ark Scythe
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Crematio Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Colada
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Iris
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Flax Sash
val: Uk'uxkaj Cap
val: Feast Hose
val: Defending Ring
val: Tutyr Sabots
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Amalric Doublet
val: Assuage Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Twilight Torque
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Arbatel Pants
val: Arbatel Pants
val: Arbatel Bonnet
val: Peda. Loafers
val: Argute Gown +2
val: Savant's Earring
val: Acad. Mortarboard
val: Arbatel Bracers +1
val: Arbatel Bonnet
val: Peda. Loafers
val: Acad. Mortarboard
val: Savant's Earring
val: Argute Gown +2
val: Arbatel Bracers +1
val: Arbatel Loafers
val: Pedagogy Pants
val: Fotia Belt
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Amar Cluster
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Vanya Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Incantor Stone
val: Perimede Cape
val: Channeler's Stone
val: empty
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Incantor Stone
val: Twilight Cloak
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Perimede Cape
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Acad. Loafers
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Acad. Loafers
val: Siegel Sash
val: Vanya Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Incantor Stone
val: Shango Robe
val: Acad. Loafers
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Perimede Cape
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Vanya Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Incantor Stone
val: Shango Robe
val: Acad. Loafers
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Perimede Cape
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Vanya Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Incantor Stone
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Acad. Loafers
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Vanya Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Incantor Stone
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Acad. Loafers
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Shango Robe
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Flax Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Twilight Torque
val: Homiliary
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Amalric Gages
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Niobid Strap
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Wanion Belt
val: Bookworm's Cape
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Eddy Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Peda. Loafers
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Befouled Crown
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Savant's Treatise
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Perimede Cape
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Gende. Galoshes
val: Siegel Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Savant's Treatise
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Perimede Cape
val: Niobid Strap
val: Digni. Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Pedagogy Pants
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Academic's Gown
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Bookworm's Cape
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Excelsis Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Acad. Loafers
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Pedagogy Pants
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Incantor Stone
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Incantor Stone
val: Pedagogy Pants
val: Acad. Loafers
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Vanya Hood
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Incantor Stone
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Peda. Loafers
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Tamaxchi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Chironic Hose
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Genmei Shield
val: Niobid Strap
val: Digni. Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Pedagogy Pants
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Academic's Gown
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Bookworm's Cape
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Excelsis Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Peda. Loafers
val: Befouled Crown
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Savant's Treatise
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Perimede Cape
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Grapevine Cape
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Befouled Crown
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Savant's Treatise
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Chironic Hat
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Savant's Treatise
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Perimede Cape
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Luminary Sash
val: Digni. Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Niobid Strap
val: Jokushu Chain
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Lugh's Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Chironic Slippers
val: Luminary Sash
val: Digni. Earring
val: empty
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Twilight Cloak
val: Niobid Strap
val: Eddy Necklace
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Toro Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Bolelabunga
val: Arbatel Bonnet
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Pratik Earring
val: Lugh's Cape
val: Genmei Shield
val: Vanya Hood
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Incantor Stone
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Peda. Loafers
val: Tamaxchi
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Chironic Hose
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Digni. Earring
val: Befouled Crown
val: Chironic Hose
val: Savant's Treatise
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Academic's Gown
val: Luminary Sash
val: Lugh's Cape
val: Akademos
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Perception Ring
val: Uk'uxkaj Boots
val: Luminary Sash
val: Digni. Earring
val: Befouled Crown
val: Chironic Hose
val: Savant's Treatise
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Academic's Gown
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Akademos
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Lugh's Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Uk'uxkaj Boots
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Digni. Earring
val: Befouled Crown
val: Chironic Hose
val: Savant's Treatise
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Academic's Gown
val: Luminary Sash
val: Lugh's Cape
val: Akademos
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Perception Ring
val: Uk'uxkaj Boots
val: Luminary Sash
val: Digni. Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Pedagogy Pants
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Academic's Gown
val: Niobid Strap
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Bookworm's Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Eschan Stone
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Niobid Strap
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Argute M.board
val: Pedagogy Pants
val: Savant's Treatise
val: Strendu Ring
val: Academic's Gown
val: Eschan Stone
val: Bookworm's Cape
val: Akademos
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Perception Ring
val: Arbatel Loafers
val: Strendu Ring
val: Thrace Strap
val: Crematio Earring
val: Buremte Hat
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Ghastly Tathlum +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Eschan Stone
val: Lugh's Cape
val: Akademos
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Otomi Gloves
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Umbani Boots
val: Amalric Gages
val: Niobid Strap
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Eschan Stone
val: Lugh's Cape
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Digni. Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Luminary Sash
val: Lugh's Cape
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Imbodla Necklace
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Diamond Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Thrace Strap
val: Akademos
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Lugh's Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Count's Garb
val: Eschan Stone
val: Lugh's Cape
val: Akademos
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Lugh's Cape
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Akademos
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Eschan Stone
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Niobid Strap
val: Akademos
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Lugh's Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Vanya Hood
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Incantor Stone
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Peda. Loafers
val: Tamaxchi
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Chironic Hose
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Crematio Earring
val: Buremte Hat
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Ghastly Tathlum +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Thrace Strap
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Akademos
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Otomi Gloves
val: Bookworm's Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Umbani Boots
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Homiliary
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Killer Shortbow
val: Horn Arrow
val: 
val: Ginsen
val: Anchorite's Gaiters +1
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Flax Sash
val: Vanya Hood
val: Twilight Torque
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Defending Ring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Yaoyotl Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Hagondes Cuffs
val: Patricius Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Twilight Torque
val: Befouled Crown
val: Flax Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Twilight Torque
val: Homiliary
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Mecisto. Mantle
val: Renaye Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Homiliary
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Defending Ring
val: Flax Sash
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Renaye Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Twilight Torque
val: Homiliary
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Flax Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Twilight Torque
val: Incantor Stone
val: Defending Ring
val: Lifestorm Earring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Acad. Loafers
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Amalric Gages
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Akademos
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Akademos
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Apate Ring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Olseni Belt
val: Akademos
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Digni. Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Akademos
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Homiliary
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Akademos
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Akademos
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Akademos
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Homiliary
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Akademos
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Akademos
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Eschan Stone
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Genmei Shield
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Bolelabunga
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Bolelabunga
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Apate Ring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bolelabunga
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Digni. Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Bolelabunga
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Homiliary
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Bolelabunga
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Bolelabunga
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Bolelabunga
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Homiliary
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Bolelabunga
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Genmei Shield
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Homiliary
val: Patricius Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Bolelabunga
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Futhark Mitons +1
val: Warwolf Belt
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Flax Sash
val: Vanya Hood
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Yaoyotl Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Ocelomeh Headpiece +1
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Unkai Kote +2
val: Unkai Kabuto +2
val: Unkai Haidate +2
val: Sakonji Sune-ate
val: Unkai Sune-ate +2
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Thunder Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Thunder Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Light Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Light Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Light Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Light Gorget
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Snow Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Snow Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Light Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Apate Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Snow Gorget
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Snow Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Snow Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Snow Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Light Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Light Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Light Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Light Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Soil Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Soil Gorget
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Thunder Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Thunder Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Letalis Mantle
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Snow Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Snow Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Light Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Light Gorget
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Shadow Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Shadow Gorget
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Light Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Light Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Snow Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Snow Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Light Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Light Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Light Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Light Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Light Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Light Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Rajas Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Light Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Light Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Smertrios's Mantle
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Myochin Kabuto
val: Sakonji Kote
val: Myochin Kabuto
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Sakonji Kote
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Spiral Ring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Iximulew Cape
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Danzo Sune-ate
val: Flax Sash
val: Twilight Helm
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Torque
val: Twilight Mail
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Danzo Sune-Ate
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Infused Earring
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Terminus Earring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Behemoth Ring
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Eschan Stone
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Miki. Cuisses
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Patricius Ring
val: Liminus Earring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Terminus Earring
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Rajas Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Unkai Domaru +2
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Unkai Haidate +2
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Tripudio Earring
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Wanion Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Killer Shortbow
val: Horn Arrow
val: 
val: Ginsen
val: Anchorite's Gaiters +1
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Flume Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Twilight Torque
val: Savas Jawshan
val: Defending Ring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Valor. Hose
val: Amm Greaves
val: Assuage Earring
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Hiza. Haramaki +1
val: Shadow Mantle
val: Paguroidea Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Hizamaru Kote +1
val: Flume Belt
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Hiza. Sune-Ate +1
val: Twilight Helm
val: Twilight Mail
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Valorous Mask
val: Valor. Hose
val: Valorous Mail
val: Defending Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Patricius Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Flume Belt
val: Twilight Torque
val: Amm Greaves
val: Infused Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Helm
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Flax Sash
val: Defending Ring
val: Danzo Sune-Ate
val: Flax Sash
val: Twilight Helm
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Mail
val: Danzo Sune-Ate
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Twilight Mail
val: Flax Sash
val: Twilight Helm
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Danzo Sune-Ate
val: Twilight Torque
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Twilight Mail
val: Flax Sash
val: Twilight Helm
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Twilight Mail
val: Danzo Sune-Ate
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Ginsen
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Ichigohitofuri
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Ichigohitofuri
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Ichigohitofuri
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Ichigohitofuri
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Valorous Mask
val: Unkai Haidate +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Unkai Domaru +2
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Ichigohitofuri
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Horn Arrow
val: Killer Shortbow
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Ichigohitofuri
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Valorous Mail
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Olseni Belt
val: Ichigohitofuri
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Ichigohitofuri
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Miki. Cuisses
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Ichigohitofuri
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Ichigohitofuri
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Valorous Mask
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Liminus Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Ichigohitofuri
val: Terminus Earring
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Ginsen
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Deliverance
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Deliverance
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Deliverance
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Unkai Haidate +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Unkai Domaru +2
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Horn Arrow
val: Killer Shortbow
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Valorous Mail
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Olseni Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Deliverance
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Miki. Cuisses
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Deliverance
val: Valorous Mask
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Tanmogayi +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Patricius Ring
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Ginsen
val: 
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Pitchfork
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Porthos Byrnie
val: Loyalist Sabatons
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Umuthi Gloves
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Flamma Korazin +1
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Wanion Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Flam. Zucchetto +1
val: Valor. Hose
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Flam. Gambieras +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Phorcys Mitts
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Mask
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Valorous Mask
val: Unkai Haidate +2
val: Digni. Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Unkai Domaru +2
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Valorous Mask
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Horn Arrow
val: Killer Shortbow
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Pitchfork
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Valorous Mail
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Olseni Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Pitchfork
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Hizamaru Somen +1
val: Miki. Cuisses
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Phorcys Korazin
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Eschan Stone
val: Pitchfork
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Cho'j Band
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Valorous Mask
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Thereoid Greaves
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Ganesha's Mala
val: Flam. Manopolas +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Bloodrain Strap
val: Valorous Mask
val: Hiza. Hizayoroi +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Valorous Mail
val: Valorous Greaves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Pitchfork
val: Tripudio Earring
val: Valorous Mitts
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Portus Ring
val: Takaha Mantle
val: Valorous Mail
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Futhark Mitons +1
val: Warwolf Belt
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Gavialis Helm
val: Flume Belt
val: Valorous Mask
val: Valor. Hose
val: Defending Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Amm Greaves
val: Twilight Torque
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Otronif Gloves +1
val: Savas Jawshan
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Ocelomeh Headpiece +1
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Fotia Belt
val: Buremte Hat
val: Gendewitha Spats
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Gendewitha Galoshes
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Atheling Mantle
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Bihu Justaucorps
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Buremte Hat
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Fotia Belt
val: Buremte Hat
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Rajas Ring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Rajas Ring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Fotia Belt
val: Buremte Hat
val: Gendewitha Spats
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Gendewitha Galoshes
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Atheling Mantle
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Bihu Justaucorps
val: Fotia Belt
val: Buremte Hat
val: Gendewitha Spats
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Gendewitha Galoshes
val: Bihu Justaucorps
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Fotia Gorget
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Eminent Flute
val: Bihu Cannions
val: Bihu Slippers
val: Bihu Justaucorps
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Vanya Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Umuthi Hat
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Witful Belt
val: Fili Calot +1
val: Gendewitha Spats
val: Terpander
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Telchine Pigaches
val: Schellenband
val: Swith Cape
val: Aoidos' Matinee
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Vanya Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Siegel Sash
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Vanya Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Witful Belt
val: Fili Calot +1
val: Gendewitha Spats
val: Linos
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Schellenband
val: Aoidos' Matinee
val: Swith Cape
val: Telchine Pigaches
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Flax Sash
val: 
val: Twilight Torque
val: Terpander
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Fili Cothurnes +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Respite Cloak
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Genmei Shield
val: Fili Calot +1
val: Aoidos' Matinee
val: Eminent Flute
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Legato Dagger
val: Ad. Mnchtte. +2
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Brioso Slippers +1
val: Linos
val: Linos
val: Linos
val: Linos
val: Linos
val: Fili Cothurnes +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Gende. Galoshes
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Umuthi Hat
val: Gendewitha Spats
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Gende. Galoshes
val: Perimede Cape
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Fili Calot +1
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Ad. Mnchtte. +2
val: Linos
val: Fili Cothurnes +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Linos
val: Musical Earring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Nereid Ring
val: Fili Calot +1
val: Linos
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Linos
val: Musical Earring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Nereid Ring
val: Linos
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Linos
val: Musical Earring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Nereid Ring
val: Terpander
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Linos
val: Musical Earring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Nereid Ring
val: Umuthi Hat
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Grapevine Cape
val: Umuthi Hat
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Perimede Cape
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Perimede Cape
val: Chironic Hat
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Fili Cothurnes +1
val: 
val: Twilight Torque
val: Respite Cloak
val: Defending Ring
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Terpander
val: Linos
val: Ad. Mnchtte. +2
val: Genmei Shield
val: Bolelabunga
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Pratik Earring
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Vanya Hood
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Gendewitha Galoshes
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Chironic Hose
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Sirona's Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Linos
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Linos
val: Musical Earring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Brioso Cuffs
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Nereid Ring
val: Fili Calot +1
val: Linos
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Vanya Hood
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Gendewitha Galoshes
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Chironic Hose
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Sirona's Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Gendewitha Galoshes
val: Linos
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Chironic Hat
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Eschan Stone
val: Chironic Hat
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Chironic Slippers
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Olseni Belt
val: Chironic Hat
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Olseni Belt
val: Chironic Hat
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Chironic Hat
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Rajas Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Apate Ring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Sailfi Belt +1
val: Umuthi Hat
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Olseni Belt
val: Buremte Hat
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Chironic Hat
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Flax Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Bihu Cannions
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Torque
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Flax Sash
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Terpander
val: Respite Cloak
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Flax Sash
val: 
val: Twilight Torque
val: Terpander
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Fili Cothurnes +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Respite Cloak
val: Moonshade Earring
val: 
val: Flax Sash
val: 
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Terpander
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Mecisto. Mantle
val: Twilight Torque
val: Respite Cloak
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Fili Cothurnes +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Fili Cothurnes +1
val: Flax Sash
val: 
val: Twilight Torque
val: Terpander
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Respite Cloak
val: Fili Cothurnes +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Twilight Torque
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Defending Ring
val: Flax Sash
val: 
val: Twilight Torque
val: Terpander
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Respite Cloak
val: Fili Cothurnes +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Fili Cothurnes +1
val: Chaac Belt
val: Herculean Helm
val: Attack+13
val: "Snapshot"+3
val: "Treasure Hunter"+1
val: Accuracy+5 Attack+5
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Chironic Hat
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Patricius Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Olseni Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Umuthi Hat
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Sailfi Belt +1
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Buremte Hat
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Chironic Hat
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Hat
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Chironic Hat
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Digni. Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Chironic Hat
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Olseni Belt
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Chironic Hat
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Eschan Stone
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Chironic Slippers
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Patricius Ring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Chironic Hat
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Olseni Belt
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Chironic Hat
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Genmei Shield
val: Umuthi Hat
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Sailfi Belt +1
val: Skinflayer
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Buremte Hat
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Chironic Hat
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Hat
val: Genmei Shield
val: Chironic Hat
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Digni. Earring
val: Rajas Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Genmei Shield
val: Chironic Hat
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Olseni Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Skinflayer
val: Genmei Shield
val: Chironic Hat
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Eschan Stone
val: Skinflayer
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Chironic Slippers
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Patricius Ring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Chironic Hat
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Olseni Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Genmei Shield
val: Chironic Hat
val: Maskirova Torque
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Atheling Mantle
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Olseni Belt
val: Skinflayer
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Chironic Gloves
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Artsieq Jubbah
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Tantra Cyclas +2
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Brioso Roundlet
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Behemoth Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Lutian Cape
val: Orion Bracers +1
val: Terminus Earring
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Orion Jerkin +1
val: Hunter's Bracers
val: Hunter's Jerkin
val: Hunter's Braccae
val: Syl. Glvltte. +2
val: Hunter's Socks
val: Yemaya Belt
val: Sylvan Caban +2
val: Sylvan Gapette +2
val: Iuitl Wristbands
val: Lutian Cape
val: Nahtirah Trousers
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Lilitu Headpiece
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Apate Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Lilitu Headpiece
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Herculean Helm
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Herculean Helm
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Magoraga Beads
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Limbo Trousers
val: Chaac Belt
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Twilight Torque
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Behemoth Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Terminus Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Lutian Cape
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Behemoth Ring
val: Lutian Cape
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Terminus Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Skd. Jambeaux +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Eschan Stone
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Herculean Boots
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Terminus Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Prouesse Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Herculean Boots
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Herculean Vest
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Herculean Boots
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Herculean Vest
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Wanion Belt
val: Lilitu Headpiece
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Luh. Keffiyeh +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Mavi Tathlum
val: Assim. Jubbah +1
val: Renaye Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Assim. Bazu. +1
val: Cornflower Cape
val: Hashishin Tayt +1
val: Luhlaza Charuqs +1
val: Anchorite's Gaiters +1
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Sleep Bolt
val: Hangaku-no-Yumi
val: Horn Arrow
val: Holliday
val: Bronze Bullet
val: Herculean Helm
val: Twilight Torque
val: Herculean Vest
val: Defending Ring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Feast Hose
val: Herculean Boots
val: Assuage Earring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Herculean Helm
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Infused Earring
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Thur. Boots +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Flax Sash
val: Defending Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Flax Sash
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Patricius Ring
val: Infused Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Defending Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Twilight Torque
val: Infused Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Patricius Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Infused Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Luminary Sash
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Lancer's Earring
val: Ptero. Armet +1
val: Vishap Brais +1
val: Wyvern Mail
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Brigantia's Mantle
val: STR+20
val: Accuracy+20 Attack+20
val: STR+10
val: Crit.hit rate+10
val: K'ayres Ring
val: Dragoon's Earring
val: Crusher's Gauntlets
val: Glassblower's Belt
val: Lancer's Torque
val: Ptero. Greaves +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Inyanga Tiara +1
val: Inyanga Shalwar +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Inyanga Jubbah +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Intarabus's Cape
val: Ulthalam's Ring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Suppanomimi
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: 
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: 
val: Lilitu Headpiece
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Wanion Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bronze Bullet
val: Holliday
val: Ethereal Earring
val: 
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: 
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Digni. Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Suppanomimi
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Digni. Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Horn Arrow
val: Hangaku-no-Yumi
val: Ethereal Earring
val: 
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Herculean Boots
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: 
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sleep Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: 
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: 
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: 
val: Lilitu Headpiece
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Wanion Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bronze Bullet
val: Holliday
val: Ethereal Earring
val: 
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: 
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Digni. Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Suppanomimi
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Digni. Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Horn Arrow
val: Hangaku-no-Yumi
val: Ethereal Earring
val: 
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: 
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sleep Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: 
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: 
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: 
val: Lilitu Headpiece
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Wanion Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bronze Bullet
val: Holliday
val: Ethereal Earring
val: 
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Perun +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: 
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Digni. Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Suppanomimi
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Digni. Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Horn Arrow
val: Hangaku-no-Yumi
val: Ethereal Earring
val: 
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Perun +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Perun +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Perun +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: 
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sleep Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Perun +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: 
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: 
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Herculean Boots
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Pole Grip
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Pole Grip
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Olseni Belt
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Suppanomimi
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Lilitu Headpiece
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Wanion Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bronze Bullet
val: Holliday
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Digni. Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Digni. Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Horn Arrow
val: Hangaku-no-Yumi
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Herculean Boots
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sleep Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Warp Cudgel
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Perun +1
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Perun +1
val: Lilitu Headpiece
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Wanion Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Perun +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bronze Bullet
val: Holliday
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Perun +1
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Perun +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Perun +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Digni. Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Perun +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Digni. Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Horn Arrow
val: Hangaku-no-Yumi
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Perun +1
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Perun +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Perun +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sleep Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Perun +1
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Perun +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Thur. Chapeau +1
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Lilitu Headpiece
val: Herculean Trousers
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Rajas Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Wanion Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Meg. Chausses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bronze Bullet
val: Holliday
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Perun +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Digni. Earring
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Laic Mantle
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Digni. Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Herculean Boots
val: Suppanomimi
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Horn Arrow
val: Hangaku-no-Yumi
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Perun +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Perun +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Meg. Jam. +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Perun +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Meg. Gloves +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Phalangite Mantle
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Herculean Boots
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sleep Bolt
val: Tsoa. Crossbow
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Perun +1
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Epona's Ring
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Adhemar Bonnet
val: Jokushu Haidate
val: Suppanomimi
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hawker's Knife +1
val: Meghanada Visor +1
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Epona's Ring
val: Meg. Cuirie +1
val: Suppanomimi
val: Sarissapho. Belt
val: Perun +1
val: Herculean Boots
val: Herculean Gloves
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Grounded Mantle
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Carmine Cuisses +1
val: Epona's Ring
val: Luminary Sash
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Fili Rhingrave +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Marduk's Tiara
val: Mdk. Shalwar +1
val: Inyan. Crackows +1
val: Nereid Ring
val: Musical Earring
val: Rhapsode's Cape
val: Aoidos' Earring
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Inyan. Dastanas +1
val: Luminary Sash
val: Renaye Ring
val: Fili Hongreline +1
val: Herculean Helm
val: Feast Hose
val: Defending Ring
val: Herculean Boots
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Herculean Vest
val: Assuage Earring
val: Leyline Gloves
val: Twilight Torque
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Ocelomeh Headpiece +1
val: Arciela's Grace +1
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Buremte Gloves
val: Spae. Coat +1
val: Flax Sash
val: Vanya Hood
val: Twilight Torque
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Defending Ring
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Yaoyotl Gloves
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Hagondes Hat
val: Twilight Torque
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Patricius Ring
val: Defending Ring
val: Hagondes Cuffs
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Defending Ring
val: Befouled Crown
val: Siegel Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Twilight Torque
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Defending Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hippomenes Socks
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Mecisto. Mantle
val: Renaye Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Siegel Sash
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Renaye Ring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Lathi
val: Pixie Hairpin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Ghastly Tathlum +1
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Evans Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Hippomenes Socks
val: Twilight Torque
val: Taranus's Cape
val: Goetia Sabots +2
val: Goetia Sabots +2
val: Src. Coat +2
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Toro Cape
val: Diamond Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Fotia Belt
val: Befouled Crown
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Supay Weskit
val: Fotia Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Fotia Gorget
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Ishvara Earring
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Shango Robe
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Goetia Petasos +2
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Perimede Cape
val: Vanya Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Perimede Cape
val: Shango Robe
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Siegel Sash
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Vanya Hood
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Perimede Cape
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Shango Robe
val: Niobid Strap
val: Lathi
val: Pixie Hairpin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Ghastly Tathlum +1
val: Evans Earring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Vanya Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Vanya Hood
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Pahtli Cape
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Oneiros Grip
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Siegel Sash
val: Siegel Sash
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ark Scythe
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ark Scythe
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ark Scythe
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Digni. Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ark Scythe
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Digni. Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Ark Scythe
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Ark Scythe
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Ark Scythe
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ark Scythe
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Ark Scythe
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Siegel Sash
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Genmei Shield
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Digni. Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Digni. Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Bolelabunga
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Bolelabunga
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Bolelabunga
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Genmei Shield
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Siegel Sash
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Niobid Strap
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Lathi
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Niobid Strap
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Lathi
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Niobid Strap
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Lathi
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Niobid Strap
val: Digni. Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Lathi
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Olseni Belt
val: Digni. Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Niobid Strap
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Lathi
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Eschan Stone
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Niobid Strap
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Lathi
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Apate Ring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Lathi
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Lathi
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Niobid Strap
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Siegel Sash
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Lathi
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Siegel Sash
val: Befouled Crown
val: Twilight Torque
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Defending Ring
val: Ethereal Earring
val: Hippomenes Socks
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Moonshade Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Renaye Ring
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Zodiac Ring
val: Twilight Cape
val: Eschan Stone
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Niobid Strap
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Goetia Petasos +2
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Src. Coat +2
val: Eschan Stone
val: Bane Cape
val: Lathi
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Wzd. Gloves +1
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Perception Ring
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Thrace Strap
val: Umbani Boots
val: Buremte Hat
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Ghastly Tathlum +1
val: Strendu Ring
val: Supay Weskit
val: Eschan Stone
val: Taranus's Cape
val: Lathi
val: Crematio Earring
val: Otomi Gloves
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Niobid Strap
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Eschan Stone
val: Taranus's Cape
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Amalric Gages
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Channeler's Stone
val: Imbodla Necklace
val: Befouled Crown
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Diamond Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Thrace Strap
val: Lathi
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Yaoyotl Gloves
val: Taranus's Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Psystorm Earring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Luminary Sash
val: Taranus's Cape
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Taranus's Cape
val: Niobid Strap
val: Niobid Strap
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Count's Garb
val: Eschan Stone
val: Taranus's Cape
val: Lathi
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Goetia Gloves +2
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Perception Ring
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Lathi
val: Niobid Strap
val: Lathi
val: Pixie Hairpin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Ghastly Tathlum +1
val: Evans Earring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Perception Ring
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Chatoyant Staff
val: Twilight Torque
val: Strendu Ring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Friomisi Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Taranus's Cape
val: Eschan Stone
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Lathi
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Helios Gloves
val: Baetyl Pendant
val: Perception Ring
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Digni. Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Bane Cape
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Niobid Strap
val: Ghastly Tathlum +1
val: Lathi
val: Src. Gloves +2
val: Niobid Strap
val: Excelsis Ring
val: Shango Robe
val: Siegel Sash
val: Perimede Cape
val: Befouled Crown
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Fucho-no-obi
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Digni. Earring
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Bane Cape
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Niobid Strap
val: Ghastly Tathlum +1
val: Lathi
val: Src. Gloves +2
val: Niobid Strap
val: Excelsis Ring
val: Shango Robe
val: Rumination Sash
val: Uk'uxkaj Boots
val: Befouled Crown
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Shango Robe
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Lathi
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Taranus's Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Befouled Crown
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Befouled Crown
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Grapevine Cape
val: Andoaa Earring
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Rubeus Boots
val: Perimede Cape
val: Genmei Shield
val: Pratik Earring
val: Bolelabunga
val: Telchine Chas.
val: Genmei Shield
val: Vanya Hood
val: Tethyan Trews +3
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Tamaxchi
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Rumination Sash
val: Uk'uxkaj Boots
val: Befouled Crown
val: Psycloth Lappas
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Globidonta Ring
val: Shango Robe
val: Mephitis Grip
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Lathi
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Taranus's Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Luminary Sash
val: Goetia Sabots +2
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Shango Robe
val: Niobid Strap
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Src. Gloves +2
val: Bane Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Niobid Strap
val: Lathi
val: Pixie Hairpin +1
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Ghastly Tathlum +1
val: Evans Earring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Genmei Shield
val: Vanya Hood
val: Tethyan Trews +3
val: Ephedra Ring
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Tamaxchi
val: Telchine Gloves
val: Phalaina Locket
val: Heka's Kalasiris
val: Niobid Strap
val: Goetia Sabots +2
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Shango Robe
val: Luminary Sash
val: Bane Cape
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Src. Gloves +2
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Perception Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Luminary Sash
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Merlinic Hood
val: Merlinic Shalwar
val: Pemphredo Tathlum
val: Strendu Ring
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Niobid Strap
val: Incanter's Torque
val: Grioavolr
val: Magic burst mdg.+3%
val: INT+6
val: Mag. Acc.+24
val: "Mag.Atk.Bns."+22
val: Barkaro. Earring
val: Vanya Cuffs
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Perception Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Flax Sash
val: Vanya Hood
val: Twilight Torque
val: Defending Ring
val: Merlinic Jubbah
val: Merlinic Crackows
val: Solemnity Cape
val: Yaoyotl Gloves
val: Hagondes Pants +1
val: Vengeful Ring
val: Etiolation Earring
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Hachirin-no-Obi
val: Twilight Cape
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Iqabi Necklace
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Zennaroi Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Eschan Stone
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Overbearing Ring
val: Dudgeon Earring
val: Sanctity Necklace
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Siegel Sash
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Siegel Sash
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Olseni Belt
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Digni. Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Siegel Sash
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Battlecast Gaiters
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Siegel Sash
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Jhakri Slops +1
val: Amar Cluster
val: Rajas Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Lacono Neck. +1
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Buquwik Cape
val: Apate Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Siegel Sash
val: Jhakri Coronal +1
val: Miasmic Pants
val: Amar Cluster
val: Patricius Ring
val: Steelflash Earring
val: Asperity Necklace
val: Jhakri Pigaches +1
val: Bladeborn Earring
val: Jhakri Cuffs +1
val: Kumbira Cape
val: Hetairoi Ring
val: Jhakri Robe +1
val: Arciela's Grace +1               Name |   Count |                                                 Long Name | 
------------------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | 

       Fucho-no-Obi |      34 |                                              fucho-no-obi | 
             Ginsen |      13 |                                                    Ginsen | 
      Jokushu Chain |       2 |                                             jokushu chain | 
      Bronze Bullet |       8 |                                             bronze bullet | 
       Buquwik Cape |     175 |                                              buquwik cape | 
      Takaha Mantle |      23 |                                             takaha mantle | 
    Tpl. Gaiters +1 |       1 |                                         temple gaiters +1 | 
  Tali'ah Turban +1 |      37 |                                         tali'ah turban +1 | 
    Merlinic Jubbah |      27 |                                           merlinic jubbah | 
           Izhiikoh |       9 |                                                  izhiikoh | 
     Befouled Crown |      57 |                                            befouled crown | 
    Tamer's Earring |       1 |                                           tamer's earring | 
 Hiza. Hizayoroi +1 |     122 |                                     Hizamaru hizayoroi +1 | 
   Mummu Gamash. +1 |       5 |                                         Mummu gamashes +1 | 
       Sakonji Kote |       2 |                                              sakonji kote | 
   Iuitl Wristbands |       4 |                                          iuitl wristbands | 
  Sanctity Necklace |     267 |                                         sanctity necklace | 
     Porthos Byrnie |      31 |                                            porthos byrnie | 
    Chironic Gloves |      68 |                                           chironic gloves | 
  Nahtirah Trousers |       4 |                                         nahtirah trousers | 
     Pedagogy Pants |       7 |                                            pedagogy pants | 
        Queller Rod |      15 |                                               queller rod | 
 Nukumi Quijotes +1 |       7 |                                        nukumi quijotes +1 | 
       Umbani Boots |       4 |                                              umbani boots | 
    Jokushu Haidate |     104 |                                           jokushu haidate | 
   Sakonji Sune-Ate |       1 |                                          sakonji sune-ate | 
      Peda. Loafers |       7 |                                          pedagogy loafers | 
        Antitail +1 |       6 |                                               antitail +1 | 
    Rumination Sash |       9 |                                           rumination sash | 
       Strendu Ring |     103 |                                              strendu ring | 
      Prouesse Ring |      36 |                                             prouesse ring | 
   Crematio Earring |      26 |                                          crematio earring | 
              Dunna |      48 |                                                     Dunna | 
   Barkaro. Earring |      40 |                                         barkarole earring | 
              Linos |      18 |                                                     Linos | 
      Yokaze Mantle |      33 |                                             yokaze mantle | 
        Aife's Ring |      41 |                                               Aife's ring | 
       Ephedra Ring |      20 |                                              ephedra ring | 
    Amalric Doublet |       4 |                                           amalric doublet | 
              Odium |      42 |                                                     Odium | 
      Fili Calot +1 |       6 |                                             fili calot +1 | 
  Inyanga Jubbah +1 |      48 |                                         Inyanga jubbah +1 | 
    Musical Earring |      33 |                                           musical earring | 
       Schellenband |       2 |                                              schellenband | 
      Savas Jawshan |       5 |                                             savas jawshan | 
     Geomancy Tunic |       4 |                                            geomancy tunic | 
        Skullrender |      47 |                                               skullrender | 
       Meg. Jam. +1 |     107 |                                     meghanada jambeaux +1 | 
  Skulk. Armlets +1 |       2 |                                      skulker's armlets +1 | 
  Pel. Vambraces +1 |       3 |                                    peltast's vambraces +1 | 
  Quiahuiz Trousers |      15 |                                         quiahuiz trousers | 
     Hunter's Socks |       1 |                                            hunter's socks | 
      Miki. Cuisses |       4 |                                          mikinaak cuisses | 
 Carmine Cuisses +1 |     121 |                                        carmine cuisses +1 | 
           Solstice |      12 |                                                  solstice | 
     Alaunus's Cape |      10 |                                            Alaunus's cape | 
    Psycloth Lappas |      20 |                                           psycloth lappas | 
   Sarissapho. Belt |     346 |                                        sarissaphoroi belt | 
          Homiliary |      34 |                                                 homiliary | 
  Caller's Pgch. +2 |       1 |                                      caller's pigaches +2 | 
  Savant's Treatise |       9 |                                         savant's treatise | 
   Valorous Greaves |      98 |                                          valorous greaves | 
      Honed Tathlum |      37 |                                             honed tathlum | 
      Eminent Flute |       2 |                                             eminent flute | 
   Herald's Gaiters |       1 |                                          herald's gaiters | 
      Iximulew Cape |       1 |                                             iximulew cape | 
     Updraft Mantle |       4 |                                            updraft mantle | 
     Emicho Coronet |      13 |                                            emicho coronet | 
   Mochi. Hatsuburi |       1 |                                       mochizuki hatsuburi | 
      Valorous Mask |     188 |                                             valorous mask | 
   Pixie Hairpin +1 |       4 |                                          pixie hairpin +1 | 
        Buremte Hat |      18 |                                               Buremte hat | 
      Skormoth Mask |      79 |                                             skormoth mask | 
      Spae. Coat +1 |      16 |                                        spaekona's coat +1 | 
   Mochi. Chainmail |       3 |                                       mochizuki chainmail | 
        Soil Gorget |       4 |                                               soil gorget | 
      Behemoth Ring |       8 |                                             behemoth ring | 
        Love Torque |      15 |                                               love torque | 
    Mochizuki Tekko |       2 |                                           mochizuki tekko | 
     Hagondes Cuffs |       2 |                                            Hagondes cuffs | 
    Telchine Gloves |      16 |                                           telchine gloves | 
 Beckoner's Bracers |      10 |                                        beckoner's bracers | 
      Count's Cuffs |      20 |                                             count's cuffs | 
   Kaabnax Trousers |       7 |                                          kaabnax trousers | 
    Manibozho Brais |      18 |                                           Manibozho brais | 
  Fili Rhingrave +1 |      32 |                                         fili rhingrave +1 | 
     Qaaxo Leggings |      17 |                                            qaaxo leggings | 
        Lugh's Cape |      12 |                                               Lugh's cape | 
   Nepenthe Grip +1 |      11 |                                          nepenthe grip +1 | 
      Luminary Sash |     100 |                                             luminary sash | 
      Sirona's Ring |       2 |                                             Sirona's ring | 
        Suppanomimi |     111 |                                               suppanomimi | 
     Mel. Cyclas +2 |       2 |                                           melee cyclas +2 | 
   Tripudio Earring |      47 |                                          tripudio earring | 
       Mavi Earring |      13 |                                              mavi earring | 
      Gelos Earring |       2 |                                             gelos earring | 
       Mel. Hose +2 |       4 |                                             melee hose +2 | 
          Toro Cape |      13 |                                                 toro cape | 
    Conveyance Cape |      11 |                                           conveyance cape | 
        Deliverance |     127 |                                               Deliverance | 
    Brioso Roundlet |      15 |                                           brioso roundlet | 
     Herculean Helm |      81 |                                            herculean helm | 
     Myochin Kabuto |       2 |                                            myochin kabuto | 
      Quiahuiz Helm |       1 |                                             quiahuiz helm | 
        Shango Robe |      29 |                                               shango robe | 
     Jhakri Robe +1 |     151 |                                            jhakri robe +1 | 
     Bagua Tunic +1 |       3 |                                            bagua tunic +1 | 
 Inyanga Shalwar +1 |      53 |                                        Inyanga shalwar +1 | 
  Hiza. Sune-Ate +1 |      68 |                                      Hizamaru sune-ate +1 | 
     Danzo Sune-Ate |      12 |                                            danzo sune-ate | 
  Bagua Mitaines +1 |       7 |                                         bagua mitaines +1 | 
     Yaoyotl Gloves |       9 |                                            yaoyotl gloves | 
      Helios Gloves |       1 |                                             helios gloves | 
   Emicho Gauntlets |     173 |                                          emicho gauntlets | 
    Orvail Pants +1 |       7 |                                           Orvail pants +1 | 
   Mochi. Hakama +1 |      30 |                                       mochizuki hakama +1 | 
     Bagua Pants +1 |       2 |                                            bagua pants +1 | 
          Pole Grip |      93 |                                                 pole grip | 
 Nantosuelta's Cape |      12 |                                        Nantosuelta's cape | 
    Lacono Neck. +1 |      90 |                                        lacono necklace +1 | 
   Bagua Sandals +1 |       3 |                                          bagua sandals +1 | 
    Arbatel Loafers |       2 |                                           arbatel loafers | 
      Thr. Tomahawk |       1 |                                         throwing tomahawk | 
  Merlinic Crackows |      43 |                                         merlinic crackows | 
          Terpander |       9 |                                                 Terpander | 
   Desultor Tassets |       1 |                                          desultor tassets | 
       Plun. Bonnet |       2 |                                        plunderer's bonnet | 
      Merlinic Hood |      31 |                                             merlinic hood | 
         Umuthi Hat |       8 |                                                umuthi hat | 
   Thur. Chapeau +1 |      16 |                                     Thurandaut chapeau +1 | 
     Arbatel Bonnet |       3 |                                            arbatel bonnet | 
     Meg. Gloves +1 |     119 |                                       meghanada gloves +1 | 
 Flam. Manopolas +1 |      67 |                                       flamma manopolas +1 | 
       Supay Weskit |       2 |                                              supay weskit | 
     Thunder Gorget |      10 |                                            thunder gorget | 
      Hattori Ningi |       3 |                                             hattori ningi | 
       Azimuth Coat |       1 |                                              azimuth coat | 
    Vishap F. G. +1 |       2 |                                vishap finger gauntlets +1 | 
      Plun. Armlets |      10 |                                       plunderer's armlets | 
    Regimen Mittens |      17 |                                           regimen mittens | 
   Maskirova Torque |      74 |                                          maskirova torque | 
   Hashi. Bazubands |       2 |                                       hashishin bazubands | 
     Plun. Culottes |       1 |                                      plunderer's culottes | 
     Thaumas Gloves |       6 |                                            Thaumas gloves | 
     Grapevine Cape |       7 |                                            grapevine cape | 
    Geo. Sandals +1 |       6 |                                       geomancy sandals +1 | 
    Lancer's Torque |      15 |                                           lancer's torque | 
      Orison Locket |       9 |                                             orison locket | 
  Seeth. Bomblet +1 |      45 |                                       seething bomblet +1 | 
  Pemphredo Tathlum |      54 |                                         pemphredo tathlum | 
              Angon |       1 |                                                     angon | 
 Ghastly Tathlum +1 |      11 |                                        ghastly tathlum +1 | 
  Chironic Slippers |       8 |                                         chironic slippers | 
    Perception Ring |      66 |                                           perception ring | 
    Loquac. Earring |       3 |                                        loquacious earring | 
       Thunder Belt |      12 |                                              thunder belt | 
 Flam. Zucchetto +1 |     152 |                                       flamma zucchetto +1 | 
        Portus Ring |       2 |                                               portus ring | 
    Ptero. Armet +1 |      15 |                                      pteroslaver armet +1 | 
       Chironic Hat |      31 |                                              chironic hat | 
  Sulevia's Mask +1 |      25 |                                         Sulevia's mask +1 | 
      Hlr. Mitts +1 |       6 |                                         healer's mitts +1 | 
      Ejekamal Mask |      14 |                                             ejekamal mask | 
 Glassblower's Belt |      16 |                                        glassblower's belt | 
         Ark Scythe |      36 |                                                ark scythe | 
     Mextli Harness |      12 |                                            mextli harness | 
     Ptero. Mail +1 |       3 |                                       pteroslaver mail +1 | 
    Futhark Coat +1 |       2 |                                           futhark coat +1 | 
    Jhakri Slops +1 |      87 |                                           jhakri slops +1 | 
       Hasty Pinion |       2 |                                              hasty pinion | 
 Inyan. Crackows +1 |      91 |                                       Inyanga crackows +1 | 
      Wiglen Gorget |       4 |                                             wiglen gorget | 
  Ptero. Fin. G. +1 |       2 |                           pteroslaver finger gauntlets +1 | 
    Phalaina Locket |      33 |                                           phalaina locket | 
    Mdk. Shalwar +1 |      20 |                                       Marduk's shalwar +1 | 
         Swith Cape |       2 |                                                swith cape | 
   Terminus Earring |      12 |                                          terminus earring | 
Futhark Trousers +1 |       4 |                                       futhark trousers +1 | 
   Otronif Boots +1 |       1 |                                          otronif boots +1 | 
   Rvg. Mufflers +2 |       1 |                                     ravager's mufflers +2 | 
  Ptero. Greaves +1 |      16 |                                    pteroslaver greaves +1 | 
   Futhark Boots +1 |       2 |                                          futhark boots +1 | 
      Twilight Cape |     257 |                                             Twilight cape | 
        Olseni Belt |     225 |                                               olseni belt | 
     Hattori Kyahan |       1 |                                            hattori kyahan | 
    Azimuth Gaiters |       1 |                                           azimuth gaiters | 
          Focal Orb |      14 |                                                 focal orb | 
    Dudgeon Earring |     258 |                                           dudgeon earring | 
     Digni. Earring |     222 |                                       dignitary's earring | 
  Anchoret's Mantle |       8 |                                         anchoret's mantle | 
     Adhemar Bonnet |      59 |                                            adhemar bonnet | 
  Hachiya Hatsuburi |       4 |                                         hachiya hatsuburi | 
         Otomi Helm |      15 |                                                otomi helm | 
        Wyvern Mail |      14 |                                               wyvern mail | 
    Runeist Bandeau |       6 |                                           runeist bandeau | 
   Hizamaru Kote +1 |      15 |                                          Hizamaru kote +1 | 
    Mummu Wrists +1 |       4 |                                           Mummu wrists +1 | 
          Usonmunku |      19 |                                                 Usonmunku | 
     Skulker's Vest |      10 |                                            skulker's vest | 
   Potestas Bomblet |      13 |                                          potestas bomblet | 
    Assim. Bazu. +1 |      32 |                                assimilator's bazubands +1 | 
            Gungnir |      11 |                                                   Gungnir | 
     Argute M.board |       1 |                                        argute mortarboard | 
       Anwig Salade |       2 |                                              anwig salade | 
     Defending Ring |     150 |                                            defending ring | 
      Glyphic Spats |       5 |                                             glyphic spats | 
         Apate Ring |     368 |                                                apate ring | 
       Loxotic Mace |      31 |                                              loxotic mace | 
         Mavi Scarf |       6 |                                                mavi scarf | 
     Uk'uxkaj Boots |       7 |                                            Uk'uxkaj boots | 
     Runeist Bottes |      70 |                                            runeist bottes | 
         Sleep Bolt |       8 |                                                sleep bolt | 
        Spiral Ring |       3 |                                               spiral ring | 
        Yemaya Belt |      31 |                                               yemaya belt | 
    Yamabuki-no-Obi |       3 |                                           yamabuki-no-obi | 
    Infused Earring |      55 |                                           infused earring | 
      Kemas Earring |       1 |                                             kemas earring | 
    Aoidos' Earring |      78 |                                           aoidos' earring | 
    Globidonta Ring |      24 |                                           globidonta ring | 
     Brutal Earring |      98 |                                            brutal earring | 
       Kumbira Cape |      88 |                                              kumbira cape | 
    Mecisto. Mantle |       8 |                                        mecistopins mantle | 
    Paguroidea Ring |       2 |                                           paguroidea ring | 
    Glyphic Horn +1 |      20 |                                           glyphic horn +1 | 
 Meghanada Visor +1 |     138 |                                        meghanada visor +1 | 
        Elephas Axe |       9 |                                               elephas axe | 
         Skinflayer |      48 |                                                Skinflayer | 
       Hagondes Hat |       4 |                                              Hagondes hat | 
   Hattori Zukin +1 |      31 |                                          hattori zukin +1 | 
    Azimuth Hood +1 |       5 |                                           azimuth hood +1 | 
         Vanya Hood |      37 |                                                vanya hood | 
   Tot. Jackcoat +1 |       3 |                                       totemic jackcoat +1 | 
      Hagondes Coat |       9 |                                             Hagondes coat | 
 Pillager's Armlets |       4 |                                        pillager's armlets | 
 Jhakri Pigaches +1 |      96 |                                        jhakri pigaches +1 | 
 Glyphic Bracers +1 |      13 |                                        glyphic bracers +1 | 
   Theo. Pantaloons |       1 |                                      theophany pantaloons | 
    Carbuncle Mitts |       4 |                                           Carbuncle mitts | 
    Vishap Brais +1 |      17 |                                           vishap brais +1 | 
       Aizushintogo |      14 |                                              aizushintogo | 
     Ichigohitofuri |      11 |                                            ichigohitofuri | 
    Liminus Earring |      11 |                                           liminus earring | 
    Tantra Crown +2 |       2 |                                           tantra crown +2 | 
     Azimuth Tights |       3 |                                            azimuth tights | 
   Tantra Gloves +2 |       1 |                                          tantra gloves +2 | 
         Elan Strap |       4 |                                                elan strap | 
     Iqabi Necklace |     146 |                                            iqabi necklace | 
  Tantra Gaiters +2 |       1 |                                         tantra gaiters +2 | 
  Telchine Pigaches |       2 |                                         telchine pigaches | 
   Skulk. Poulaines |      10 |                                       skulker's poulaines | 
   Emicho Gambieras |       2 |                                          emicho gambieras | 
  Lifestorm Earring |      17 |                                         lifestorm earring | 
    Bloodrain Strap |      36 |                                           bloodrain strap | 
          Bane Cape |       5 |                                                 bane cape | 
    Bookworm's Cape |       6 |                                           bookworm's cape | 
      Genmei Shield |      93 |                                             genmei shield | 
    Convoker's Horn |      12 |                                           convoker's horn | 
      Gavialis Helm |      18 |                                             gavialis helm | 
   Charmer's Merlin |       1 |                                          charmer's merlin | 
        Taming Sari |      18 |                                               taming sari | 
   Skulker's Bonnet |       2 |                                          skulker's bonnet | 
 Inyan. Dastanas +1 |     119 |                                       Inyanga dastanas +1 | 
     Telchine Chas. |      22 |                                         telchine chasuble | 
       Angel's Ring |       6 |                                              angel's ring | 
      Demonry Stone |       2 |                                             demonry stone | 
    Anch. Gloves +1 |       1 |                                     anchorite's gloves +1 | 
            Hatxiik |      11 |                                                   hatxiik | 
  Luhlaza Bazubands |       1 |                                         luhlaza bazubands | 
    Hardwood Katana |      14 |                                           hardwood katana | 
    Phorcys Korazin |     128 |                                           Phorcys korazin | 
      Hetairoi Ring |     503 |                                             hetairoi ring | 
       Phorcys Dirs |      10 |                                              Phorcys dirs | 
  Hattori Hakama +1 |       2 |                                         hattori hakama +1 | 
     Hag. Sabots +1 |       7 |                                        Hagondes sabots +1 | 
      Otronif Boots |       5 |                                             otronif boots | 
       Rubeus Boots |      24 |                                              rubeus boots | 
   Imbodla Necklace |       5 |                                          imbodla necklace | 
     Tantra Tathlum |      18 |                                            tantra tathlum | 
  Moonshade Earring |      57 |                                         moonshade earring | 
     Orison Earring |       4 |                                            orison earring | 
   Psystorm Earring |      15 |                                          psystorm earring | 
      Evans Earring |      27 |                                             evans earring | 
        Tzacab Grip |      18 |                                               tzacab grip | 
      Samanisi Cape |      26 |                                             samanisi cape | 
         Light Belt |      15 |                                                light belt | 
    Lifestream Cape |       4 |                                           lifestream cape | 
       Moepapa Ring |       1 |                                              moepapa ring | 
       Koga Sarashi |       1 |                                              koga sarashi | 
   Luh. Keffiyeh +1 |      34 |                                       luhlaza keffiyeh +1 | 
  Hizamaru Somen +1 |      64 |                                         Hizamaru somen +1 | 
     Whirlpool Mask |      95 |                                            whirlpool mask | 
        Wanion Belt |      73 |                                               wanion belt | 
   Ethereal Earring |     168 |                                          ethereal earring | 
             Colada |      21 |                                                    Colada | 
      Qaaxo Harness |       1 |                                             qaaxo harness | 
   Tali'ah Sera. +1 |      31 |                                      tali'ah seraweels +1 | 
        Thaumas Hat |       2 |                                               Thaumas hat | 
           Perun +1 |      54 |                                                  Perun +1 | 
      Umuthi Gloves |      69 |                                             umuthi gloves | 
  Incanter's Torque |     144 |                                         incanter's torque | 
        Vanya Cuffs |       1 |                                               vanya cuffs | 
      Amalric Gages |      35 |                                             amalric gages | 
       Qaaxo Tights |       1 |                                              qaaxo tights | 
     Geomancy Pants |       3 |                                            geomancy pants | 
      Orison Cap +2 |       3 |                                             orison cap +2 | 
 Skulker's Culottes |      12 |                                        skulker's culottes | 
           Tamaxchi |      13 |                                                  Tamaxchi | 
   Call. Doublet +2 |      16 |                                       caller's doublet +2 | 
    Orison Mitts +2 |       3 |                                           orison mitts +2 | 
   Syl. Glvltte. +2 |       1 |                                     sylvan glovelettes +2 | 
 Luhlaza Charuqs +1 |      32 |                                        luhlaza charuqs +1 | 
 Orsn. Duckbills +2 |       5 |                                       orison duckbills +2 | 
     Hurch'lan Sash |      46 |                                            hurch'lan sash | 
 Etiolation Earring |     119 |                                        etiolation earring | 
   Thereoid Greaves |      33 |                                          thereoid greaves | 
      Seraphicaller |      46 |                                             seraphicaller | 
      Mephitis Grip |     110 |                                             mephitis grip | 
         Canny Cape |      68 |                                                canny cape | 
  Evasionist's Cape |      13 |                                         evasionist's cape | 
        Ankusa Helm |       2 |                                               ankusa helm | 
              Eshus |      13 |                                                     eshus | 
              Shijo |      13 |                                                     shijo | 
    Beckoner's Horn |       6 |                                           beckoner's horn | 
      Twilight Mail |      22 |                                             Twilight mail | 
    Ankusa Jackcoat |       2 |                                           ankusa jackcoat | 
    Jhakri Cuffs +1 |     117 |                                           jhakri cuffs +1 | 
     Artsieq Jubbah |      30 |                                            artsieq jubbah | 
        Valor. Hose |     104 |                                             valorous hose | 
      Shadow Gorget |       1 |                                             shadow gorget | 
       Demon's Ring |       1 |                                              demon's ring | 
Pillager's Culottes |      10 |                                       pillager's culottes | 
      Phorcys Mitts |      14 |                                             Phorcys mitts | 
   Runeist Trousers |       1 |                                          runeist trousers | 
   Tethyan Trews +3 |       5 |                                          tethyan trews +3 | 
  Pelt. Cuissots +1 |       6 |                                     peltast's cuissots +1 | 
 Smertrios's Mantle |      25 |                                        Smertrios's mantle | 
          Gridarvor |      26 |                                                 Gridarvor | 
       Eschan Stone |     127 |                                              eschan stone | 
          Flax Sash |      65 |                                                 flax sash | 
      Mel. Crown +2 |       2 |                                            melee crown +2 | 
       Zoran's Belt |      18 |                                              Zoran's belt | 
   Hecate's Earring |       1 |                                          Hecate's earring | 
        Nereid Ring |      19 |                                               nereid ring | 
    Assuage Earring |      18 |                                           assuage earring | 
         Cho'j Band |      56 |                                                cho'j band | 
        Renaye Ring |     143 |                                               Renaye ring | 
        Shadow Belt |       1 |                                               shadow belt | 
     Izdubar Mantle |       1 |                                            izdubar mantle | 
    Moepapa Annulet |      46 |                                           moepapa annulet | 
      Agoge Mask +1 |       1 |                                             agoge mask +1 | 
  Anchorite's Crown |       1 |                                         anchorite's crown | 
   Inyanga Tiara +1 |      39 |                                          Inyanga tiara +1 | 
     Emicho Haubert |      41 |                                            emicho haubert | 
         Flume Belt |       4 |                                                flume belt | 
     Summoning Belt |       9 |                                            summoning belt | 
Sulevia's Plate. +1 |       6 |                                    Sulevia's platemail +1 | 
 Anchorite's Cyclas |       1 |                                        anchorite's cyclas | 
    Agoge Lorica +1 |       1 |                                           agoge lorica +1 | 
   Hachi. Chain. +1 |      35 |                                      hachiya chainmail +1 | 
  Oce. Headpiece +1 |       8 |                                     ocelomeh headpiece +1 | 
 Herculean Trousers |     130 |                                        herculean trousers | 
     Flamma Dirs +1 |      35 |                                            flamma dirs +1 | 
Hashishin Mintan +1 |       1 |                                       hashishin mintan +1 | 
       Count's Garb |       2 |                                              count's garb | 
Tali'ah Crackows +1 |      56 |                                       tali'ah crackows +1 | 
  Agoge Mufflers +1 |       1 |                                         agoge mufflers +1 | 
   Ankusa Gloves +1 |       5 |                                          ankusa gloves +1 | 
     Src. Gloves +2 |       4 |                                      sorcerer's gloves +2 | 
    Hunter's Jerkin |       1 |                                           hunter's jerkin | 
       Deino Collar |       3 |                                              deino collar | 
     Wzd. Gloves +1 |       1 |                                        wizard's gloves +1 | 
  Goetia Petasos +2 |       2 |                                         goetia petasos +2 | 
       Src. Coat +2 |       2 |                                        sorcerer's coat +2 | 
    Orion Jerkin +1 |       1 |                                           orion jerkin +1 | 
     Taranus's Cape |      10 |                                            Taranus's cape | 
              Lathi |      23 |                                                     lathi | 
   Hippomenes Socks |       3 |                                          Hippomenes socks | 
 Ankusa Trousers +1 |       3 |                                        ankusa trousers +1 | 
  Hawker's Knife +1 |      48 |                                         hawker's knife +1 | 
  Sylvan Gapette +2 |       1 |                                         sylvan gapette +2 | 
    Sylvan Caban +2 |       1 |                                           sylvan caban +2 | 
   Hachi. Kyahan +1 |       2 |                                         hachiya kyahan +1 | 
        Bolelabunga |      37 |                                               Bolelabunga | 
  Phalangite Mantle |      54 |                                         phalangite mantle | 
  Andartia's Mantle |      30 |                                         Andartia's mantle | 
   Hunter's Braccae |       1 |                                          hunter's braccae | 
   Goetia Gloves +2 |       1 |                                          goetia gloves +2 | 
  Agoge Calligae +1 |       2 |                                         agoge calligae +1 | 
  Ankusa Gaiters +1 |       4 |                                         ankusa gaiters +1 | 
   Hunter's Bracers |       1 |                                          hunter's bracers | 
       Amar Cluster |     258 |                                              amar cluster | 
   Goetia Sabots +2 |       4 |                                          goetia sabots +2 | 
  Unkai Sune-Ate +2 |       1 |                                         unkai sune-ate +2 | 
   Orion Bracers +1 |       1 |                                          orion bracers +1 | 
     Incantor Stone |      24 |                                            incantor stone | 
   Glorious Earring |       4 |                                          glorious earring | 
   Zennaroi Earring |     146 |                                          zennaroi earring | 
  Scamp's Sollerets |       2 |                                         scamp's sollerets | 
     Sailfi Belt +1 |       3 |                                            sailfi belt +1 | 
       Brioso Cuffs |       1 |                                              brioso cuffs | 
    Ishvara Earring |     194 |                                           ishvara earring | 
 Brioso Slippers +1 |       1 |                                        brioso slippers +1 | 
    Ad. Mnchtte. +2 |       3 |                                     aoidos' manchettes +2 | 
      Legato Dagger |       1 |                                             legato dagger | 
    Grounded Mantle |     124 |                                           grounded mantle | 
        Pahtli Cape |      35 |                                               pahtli cape | 
  Fili Cothurnes +1 |      10 |                                         fili cothurnes +1 | 
    Aoidos' Matinee |       3 |                                           aoidos' matinee | 
      Theophany Cap |       4 |                                             theophany cap | 
        Witful Belt |       2 |                                               witful belt | 
    Vishap Armet +1 |       3 |                                           vishap armet +1 | 
      Bihu Slippers |       1 |                                             bihu slippers | 
      Arbatel Pants |       2 |                                             arbatel pants | 
     Felistris Mask |       1 |                                            felistris mask | 
   Bihu Justaucorps |       4 |                                          bihu justaucorps | 
           Zulfiqar |      20 |                                                  zulfiqar | 
    Hashishin Kavuk |       3 |                                           hashishin kavuk | 
    Unkai Domaru +2 |       4 |                                           unkai domaru +2 | 
        Hes. Cyclas |       1 |                                        hesychast's cyclas | 
     Vishap Mail +1 |       2 |                                            vishap mail +1 | 
      Respite Cloak |      12 |                                             respite cloak | 
   Unkai Haidate +2 |       5 |                                          unkai haidate +2 | 
   Merlinic Shalwar |      41 |                                          merlinic shalwar | 
 Sulevi. Cuisses +1 |      84 |                                      Sulevia's cuisses +1 | 
    Unkai Kabuto +2 |       1 |                                           unkai kabuto +2 | 
     Nukumi Gausape |       3 |                                            nukumi gausape | 
      Unkai Kote +2 |       1 |                                             unkai kote +2 | 
           Akademos |      19 |                                                  akademos | 
   Geo. Mitaines +1 |       5 |                                      geomancy mitaines +1 | 
         Rajas Ring |     388 |                                                rajas ring | 
       Niobid Strap |      56 |                                              niobid strap | 
   Scorpion Ring +1 |       4 |                                          scorpion ring +1 | 
     Baetyl Pendant |      41 |                                            baetyl pendant | 
     Homeric Gorget |       1 |                                            homeric gorget | 
      Acad. Loafers |       9 |                                        academic's loafers | 
     Twilight Cloak |       2 |                                            Twilight cloak | 
        Emicho Hose |      62 |                                               emicho hose | 
    Pillager's Vest |      11 |                                           pillager's vest | 
   Savant's Earring |       2 |                                          savant's earring | 
 Odyssean Gauntlets |      37 |                                        odyssean gauntlets | 
     Argute Gown +2 |       2 |                                            argute gown +2 | 
      Bihu Cannions |       2 |                                             bihu cannions | 
   Skd. Jambeaux +1 |      28 |                                       Skadi's jambeaux +1 | 
       Pitchfork +1 |       6 |                                              pitchfork +1 | 
   Apogee Dalmatica |      10 |                                          apogee dalmatica | 
  Vishap Greaves +1 |       2 |                                         vishap greaves +1 | 
               Iris |      13 |                                                      iris | 
      Perimede Cape |      27 |                                             perimede cape | 
 Brigantia's Mantle |      48 |                                        Brigantia's mantle | 
     Thur. Boots +1 |       4 |                                       Thurandaut boots +1 | 
   Caller's Pendant |       6 |                                          caller's pendant | 
     Magoraga Beads |       7 |                                    Magoraga bead necklace | 
         Alert Ring |       2 |                                                alert ring | 
   Hashishin Basmak |       3 |                                          hashishin basmak | 
      Eddy Necklace |       6 |                                             eddy necklace | 
    Cichol's Mantle |      16 |                                           Cichol's mantle | 
          Grioavolr |     121 |                                                 Grioavolr | 
     Luhlaza Jubbah |       2 |                                            luhlaza jubbah | 
        Snow Gorget |       8 |                                               snow gorget | 
      Trainee Burin |      22 |                                             trainee burin | 
       Tanmogayi +1 |      72 |                                              tanmogayi +1 | 
       Tutyr Sabots |       2 |                                              tutyr sabots | 
  Merlinic Dastanas |       3 |                                         merlinic dastanas | 
          Espiritus |       5 |                                                 espiritus | 
 Scintillating Cape |       2 |                                        scintillating cape | 
      Novio Earring |       2 |                                             novio earring | 
       Mending Cape |       6 |                                              mending cape | 
     Repulse Mantle |       1 |                                            repulse mantle | 
Pastoralist's Mantle |       3 |                                      pastoralist's mantle | 
        Laic Mantle |      52 |                                               laic mantle | 
      Viking Shield |      27 |                                             viking shield | 
     Sheltered Ring |       1 |                                            sheltered ring | 
           Holliday |       8 |                                                  Holliday | 
    Herculean Boots |     225 |                                           herculean boots | 
      Thaumas Nails |      18 |                                             Thaumas nails | 
  Jhakri Coronal +1 |     147 |                                         jhakri coronal +1 | 
         Iuitl Vest |      18 |                                                iuitl vest | 
        Prolix Ring |       5 |                                               prolix ring | 
  Odyss. Chestplate |       1 |                                       odyssean chestplate | 
    Windbuffet Belt |       2 |                                           windbuffet belt | 
     Meg. Cuirie +1 |     287 |                                       meghanada cuirie +1 | 
   Heka's Kalasiris |      18 |                                          Heka's kalasiris | 
  Flamma Korazin +1 |      21 |                                         flamma korazin +1 | 
    Con. Doublet +1 |       3 |                                     convoker's doublet +1 | 
 Nukumi Manoplas +1 |       2 |                                        nukumi manoplas +1 | 
          Soil Belt |       4 |                                                 soil belt | 
      Chironic Hose |      32 |                                             chironic hose | 
     Runeist Mitons |       2 |                                            runeist mitons | 
     Mummu Kecks +1 |      29 |                                            Mummu kecks +1 | 
       Runeist Coat |       5 |                                              runeist coat | 
     Fu. Bandeau +1 |       1 |                                        futhark bandeau +1 | 
        Kumbhakarna |      86 |                                               Kumbhakarna | 
    Toutatis's Cape |      53 |                                           Toutatis's cape | 
     Hes. Gloves +1 |       3 |                                     hesychast's gloves +1 | 
       Oneiros Grip |      34 |                                              oneiros grip | 
         Omega Ring |       2 |                                                omega ring | 
     Buremte Gloves |     105 |                                            Buremte gloves | 
   Vanir Cotehardie |       2 |                                          vanir cotehardie | 
    Atheling Mantle |     135 |                                           atheling mantle | 
    Ferine Necklace |      50 |                                           ferine necklace | 
 Arbatel Bracers +1 |       2 |                                        arbatel bracers +1 | 
    Twilight Torque |     120 |                                           Twilight torque | 
      Eminent Staff |       1 |                                             eminent staff | 
     Valorous Mitts |      28 |                                            valorous mitts | 
       Hes. Hose +1 |       2 |                                       hesychast's hose +1 | 
       Iuitl Tights |      12 |                                              iuitl tights | 
   Friomisi Earring |      40 |                                          friomisi earring | 
  Orsn. Pantaln. +2 |      10 |                                      orison pantaloons +2 | 
    Glyphic Doublet |       9 |                                           glyphic doublet | 
   Con. Pigaches +1 |      21 |                                    convoker's pigaches +1 | 
         Black Belt |      25 |                                                black belt | 
     Rvg. Lorica +2 |      16 |                                       ravager's lorica +2 | 
  Campestres's Cape |      24 |                                         Campestres's cape | 
   Meg. Chausses +1 |     116 |                                     meghanada chausses +1 | 
    Otronif Harness |       5 |                                           otronif harness | 
          Impatiens |       2 |                                                 impatiens | 
    Rvg. Cuisses +2 |      15 |                                      ravager's cuisses +2 | 
         Horn Arrow |      19 |                                                horn arrow | 
  Asperity Necklace |     303 |                                         asperity necklace | 
   Incarnation Sash |      21 |                                          incarnation sash | 
   Anch. Gaiters +1 |      12 |                                    anchorite's gaiters +1 | 
         Chaac Belt |      32 |                                                chaac belt | 
 Steelflash Earring |     371 |                                        steelflash earring | 
  Futhark Mitons +1 |      11 |                                         futhark mitons +1 | 
     Pratik Earring |       9 |                                            pratik earring | 
        Amm Greaves |      11 |                                               amm greaves | 
       Denali Kecks |       3 |                                              denali kecks | 
    Killer Shortbow |      11 |                                           killer shortbow | 
    Mel. Gaiters +2 |       6 |                                          melee gaiters +2 | 
     Patricius Ring |     354 |                                            patricius ring | 
      Excelsis Ring |       7 |                                             excelsis ring | 
    Cornflower Cape |      39 |                                           cornflower cape | 
    Rhapsode's Cape |      19 |                                           rhapsode's cape | 
    Mummu Bonnet +1 |      29 |                                           Mummu bonnet +1 | 
  Bladeborn Earring |     594 |                                         bladeborn earring | 
     Letalis Mantle |      14 |                                            letalis mantle | 
     Ejekamal Boots |      36 |                                            ejekamal boots | 
  Acad. Mortarboard |       2 |                                    academic's mortarboard | 
       Apogee Crown |       6 |                                              apogee crown | 
        Bloody Bolt |      23 |                                               bloody bolt | 
     Solemnity Cape |     121 |                                            solemnity cape | 
    Geomancy Galero |       1 |                                           geomancy galero | 
      Valorous Mail |     163 |                                             valorous mail | 
    Nukumi Cabasset |       1 |                                           nukumi cabasset | 
   Tantra Cyclas +2 |      16 |                                          tantra cyclas +2 | 
 Tali'ah Manteel +1 |      40 |                                        tali'ah manteel +1 | 
    Academic's Gown |       7 |                                           academic's gown | 
   Assim. Jubbah +1 |      35 |                                   assimilator's jubbah +1 | 
   Tali'ah Gages +1 |      41 |                                          tali'ah gages +1 | 
   Otro. Harness +1 |       2 |                                        otronif harness +1 | 
 Arciela's Grace +1 |      16 |                                        Arciela's Grace +1 | 
       Diamond Ring |      10 |                                              diamond ring | 
     Artio's Mantle |      61 |                                            Artio's mantle | 
       Faith Torque |       2 |                                              faith torque | 
      Hachiya Tekko |       2 |                                             hachiya tekko | 
      Nukumi Ocreae |       1 |                                             nukumi ocreae | 
 Flam. Gambieras +1 |     143 |                                       flamma gambieras +1 | 
 Sulev. Leggings +1 |      87 |                                     Sulevia's leggings +1 | 
  Otronif Gloves +1 |      20 |                                         otronif gloves +1 | 
    Gende. Galoshes |      12 |                                       Gendewitha galoshes | 
    Ulthalam's Ring |     112 |                                           Ulthalam's ring | 
  Crusher Gauntlets |      17 |                                       crusher's gauntlets | 
       Stout Bonnet |       1 |                                              stout bonnet | 
      Hattori Tekko |       2 |                                             hattori tekko | 
     Azimuth Gloves |       1 |                                            azimuth gloves | 
    Mauler's Mantle |     101 |                                           mauler's mantle | 
       Achiuchikapu |      14 |                                              Achiuchikapu | 
   Herculean Gloves |     259 |                                          herculean gloves | 
   Piety Pantaloons |       5 |                                          piety pantaloons | 
   Gendewitha Spats |       8 |                                          Gendewitha spats | 
      Evoker's Ring |      54 |                                             evoker's ring | 
      Apogee Slacks |       3 |                                             apogee slacks | 
      Miasmic Pants |      66 |                                             miasmic pants | 
  Assim. Charuqs +1 |       2 |                                  assimilator's charuqs +1 | 
       Otomi Gloves |       4 |                                              otomi gloves | 
  Hashishin Tayt +1 |      29 |                                         hashishin tayt +1 | 
    Rosmerta's Cape |      29 |                                           Rosmerta's cape | 
      Shadow Mantle |       1 |                                             shadow mantle | 
           Aganoshe |      13 |                                                  Aganoshe | 
        Warp Cudgel |      70 |                                               Warp cudgel | 
          Pitchfork |      27 |                                                 pitchfork | 
   Piety Briault +1 |      26 |                                          piety briault +1 | 
    Mummu Jacket +1 |       2 |                                           Mummu jacket +1 | 
    Hachirin-no-Obi |     257 |                                           hachirin-no-obi | 
    Chatoyant Staff |      39 |                                           chatoyant staff | 
        Hope Torque |       1 |                                               hope torque | 
   Manibozho Jerkin |      10 |                                          Manibozho jerkin | 
  Pelt. Plackart +1 |      14 |                                     peltast's plackart +1 | 
     Andoaa Earring |      32 |                                            andoaa earring | 
  Loyalist Sabatons |      31 |                                         loyalist sabatons | 
   Lancer's Earring |      15 |                                          lancer's earring | 
      Twilight Belt |      74 |                                             Twilight belt | 
   Lilitu Headpiece |      11 |                                          lilitu headpiece | 
       K'ayres Ring |      81 |                                              k'ayres ring | 
       Bagua Galero |       2 |                                              bagua galero | 
          Snow Belt |       6 |                                                 snow belt | 
        Lutian Cape |       4 |                                               lutian cape | 
      Twilight Helm |      21 |                                             Twilight helm | 
  Tjukurrpa Annulet |       3 |                                         Tjukurrpa annulet | 
      Key Ring Belt |       1 |                                             key ring belt | 
         Feast Hose |       9 |                                                feast hose | 
      Pumm. Mask +1 |       1 |                                        pummeler's mask +1 | 
    Segomo's Mantle |       2 |                                           Segomo's mantle | 
   Intarabus's Cape |      34 |                                          Intarabus's cape | 
       Thrace Strap |       7 |                                              Thrace strap | 
       Demonry Core |      98 |                                              demonry core | 
     Herculean Vest |     128 |                                            herculean vest | 
        Iga Erimaki |       6 |                                               iga erimaki | 
  Hiza. Haramaki +1 |      24 |                                      Hizamaru haramaki +1 | 
        Siegel Sash |      46 |                                               siegel sash | 
    Pumm. Lorica +1 |       1 |                                      pummeler's lorica +1 | 
     Ganesha's Mala |      43 |                                            Ganesha's mala | 
Heartseeker Earring |     134 |                                       heartseeker earring | 
       Light Gorget |      16 |                                              light gorget | 
  Dragoon's Earring |      16 |                                         dragoon's earring | 
          Apaisante |      20 |                                                 apaisante | 
     Limbo Trousers |      28 |                                            limbo trousers | 
 Fili Hongreline +1 |      50 |                                        fili hongreline +1 | 
Peltast's Mezail +1 |       6 |                                       peltast's mezail +1 | 
             Arktoi |       9 |                                                    Arktoi | 
Sulev. Gauntlets +1 |      80 |                                    Sulevia's gauntlets +1 | 
   Rvg. Calligae +2 |       1 |                                     ravager's calligae +2 | 
      Vengeful Ring |      58 |                                             vengeful ring | 
   Stoicheion Medal |       1 |                                          stoicheion medal | 
  Miki. Breastplate |       1 |                                      mikinaak breastplate | 
    Pelt. Schyn. +1 |       3 |                                   peltast's schynbalds +1 | 
     Marduk's Tiara |      33 |                                            Marduk's tiara | 
       Warwolf Belt |       8 |                                              warwolf belt | 
     Tsoa. Crossbow |      31 |                                        tsoabichi crossbow | 
       Fotia Gorget |     169 |                                              fotia gorget | 
            Astolfo |       2 |                                                   Astolfo | 
  Hagondes Pants +1 |      16 |                                         Hagondes pants +1 | 
     Leyline Gloves |      30 |                                            leyline gloves | 
   Chironic Doublet |       1 |                                          chironic doublet | 
       Epona's Ring |     273 |                                              Epona's ring | 
Pillager's Poulaines |       2 |                                      pillager's poulaines | 
       Uk'uxkaj Cap |      10 |                                              Uk'uxkaj cap | 
   Orison Bliaud +2 |       8 |                                          orison bliaud +2 | 
     Pet Food Theta |       1 |                                    Pet Food Theta biscuit | 
 Battlecast Gaiters |     109 |                                        battlecast gaiters | 
   Beckoner's Spats |       9 |                                          beckoner's spats | 
       Mavi Tathlum |      36 |                                              mavi tathlum | 
           Vox Grip |      14 |                                                  vox grip | 
 Piety Duckbills +1 |       1 |                                        piety duckbills +1 | 
  Channeler's Stone |      24 |                                         channeler's stone | 
    Hangaku-no-Yumi |       8 |                                           Hangaku-no-Yumi | 
   Overbearing Ring |      88 |                                          overbearing ring | 
         Fotia Belt |     165 |                                                fotia belt | 
        Zodiac Ring |     128 |                                               zodiac ring | 
